after trying to kill myself and seeing how it affected my loved ones, i just feel even more selfish for still fantasizing about it. there are a million happy things about my life. i am loved, and i love that people that love me. most of the time, i'm just flooded with guilt from things i know i'm forgiven for. that guilt drives me to do more shitty things. it's a shitty fucking cycle and i'm tired of it. i just wanted to say that to someone. thanks for reading.	👍
just hoping to hear something good title is basically it. in a really dark place right now, and i just was hoping someone could tell me something good. anything, really. just a reminder that life does, in fact, sometimes have some good things in it. i know it's pathetic, but i don't have anyone else to ask. thanks if anyone reads.	❤️
feel like i'm the worst person out there at times i don't know what i'm doing with myself my councillor appointment got cancelled my best friend saw my scars and asked me while i was on facetime with my boyfriend and honestly i don't think i can be fixed i don't think i'm loved nor cared about sometimes it would be so nice to be dead u know? i'm damaged so much i'm useless i was pulled out of class today asking if i "cut myself " they could've dealt with it better and using a different word for it not oh r u cutting it just puts me off and it makes me useless even more maybe i'm just not cut out to be alive anymore i'm being lied to i'm running back through memories all over again!! and i can't get rid of it would anyone love me enough if i had a disability? would anyone love a chubby girl like me? would anyone wanna ever date someone like me? i don't think so..always getting bullied always getting it when i get home i'm now changing and i don't know what to do i go to bed i can never sleep! i get about 1 hour sleep then i wake up struggling to breath i go to school and have panic attacks i freak out so much i'm not wanted and i'm starting to think there right i'm pathetic that doesn't belong here i never did and maybe now it's time i'm half way from it just fingers crossed it'll be over soon enough hoping it'll be my very last day of survival hoping i never have to go through hell again bc i don't think i can't make it any much longer goodbye.	😭
the light grows ever dimmer as the end of the year approaches.the ache is my chest goes away less and less these days. i sleep a lot and yet i'm still exhausted all the time. in a mental haze, fading away. squandering years of education, drowning in student debt. my therapists are taking time off for the holidays. everyone in my immediate family is dead. my friends are home for the holidays and i just left a bad relationship. i'm so fucking lonely and i feel so selfish for admitting it. i'm also feeling myself physically start to fade. i've stopped eating much at all. i used to be so scared of this sinking feeling, but i'm trying to embrace it like a warm blanket. there is nothing else. thank you for listening...	❤️
why do i always feel this wayso i'm definatly not on here for attention and i guess its more that i just need help or someone to talk to but man have i been having a tough time lately and it just seems like ill look back and just everything in my life seems like a big failure i go back to my youngest memories as a kid and even then i am like wow you were always at the bottom in life, i dont look bad either and im very outgoing and sociable too, some would even consider me to be the life of the party but man if these people spent a minute in my head theyd be in for a real shocker. i dont know what's wrong with me but i cant stop blaming myself hating myself and everything negative that goes with it and it seems like i don't have the willpower either to get ahead because i constantly feel like shit or when it starts getting good then boom something bad happens so its like this constant feeling of failure and it just makes me want to give up i don't actually want to commit suicide i just want to feel better and stop telling myself that i'm better to the world dead	😔
i'm doing the best i can. forgive my grammar. i'm doing the best i can right now, but i have this urge to splattered my brains out on a clean white wall. life for me has lost all of it's charm and luster and only because my family needs i haven't done so. i think the scene would be beautiful, poetic even, but alas i can't bring myself to end it all. i couldn't put my parents through that. unfortunately it means i have to be alive a little while longer. , best wishes me.	😔
my mother birthed me only to kill me not directly, but every one of her actions since i was like 16 has made sure i was the most miserable i could possibly be. i hate her and she's the #1 reason i want to die; because i'm so ill it's unavoidable to have her in my life because i need money but as long as she's in my life i have zero hope of getting better. i hate you mom. why do some people get the most sorrow-creating and terrible parents she doesn't care if i live or die. i've read her emails (yep, i suck) and she says she's not even sad about my life anymore, just waiting to move to another country and not deal with me. i told her i was going to kill myself on a specific day and she made sure to leave the house that entire day giving me the opportunity to do it. she's given me so much stress and trauma i literally have severe chronic pain from the emotional abuse and cruelty she's put me through. i don't want any replies, just venting.	😞
first attempt failsi took 40x500 mg paracetamol tablets, half an hour later i cant resist to throw up and it's all gone. pls tell me is there any easy way to die, i dont want to live anymore	😭
it doesn't feel like it's going to get better i went from depressed and hopeless to being on top of the world, such a noveltythat was. now i'm back i stoped drinking because it was no good for me, that was i dot addicted to a drug 9 months ago, today i'm 6 weeks clean from it i stoped stoped smoking 4 days ago and for what? why? i am gone i feel like the next six weeks of my life will simply be preparation for suicide i know how i'm going to do it i need help but i don't feel worthy of it i can't even ask for a ride to a job interview because i don't want to inconvenience someone, i can't ask for help, i need help but i can't ask, why do i feel like such a burden? i'm too scared to kill myself but i'm to scared to keep living, fuck me fuck my life and fuck my inability to support my family i'm fucking tir3d i. done everything i've wo kid for is gone, what's the point in rebuilding?	👍
[deleted]	😔
i can't sleep and food has lost it's taste. god, i'm so sick of this place..."so tired, so tired of showing love so deep that most aren't even willing to feel see what i've seen open your eyes and recognize that this is real this season brings darkness so profound i've become lost and can't seem to be found contorted, racked with pain i know i should feel free, yet i continue to sing this sad refrain i can't sleep and food has lost it's taste god, i'm so sick of this place" being as an ocean - this loneliness won't be the death of me just thought i'd share this with you all. couldn't stop listening to this song when i od'ed and was in hospital 2 years ago love and peace guys	🖤
i can't tell if i'm depressed or just a burden to myself. (f17)i guess what i'm doing here is a last resort. i don't post on here or on reddit whatsoever. i'm currently f17 and i've always struggled mentally. i remember beginning to feel consistent sadness at 2nd grade and beginning to have suicidal thoughts since around 7th grade. in addition, i'm on antidepressants, i am one year in recovering from an eating disorder, and 5 months in from self-harming. to put it shortly, i have extremely high and unrealistic expectations for myself: - my brain tells me that i have to be productive 24/7. - i'm very competitive. - however, my attention span has decreased rapidly and i can not sit still (in fact, i use a standing desk) or watch a 10 min youtube video. - i believe 100% that i am a waste of food, water, money, etc. a failure, never good enough, useless, will never succeed.. all of that shit. you name it. also, i'm self-destructive. extras: - i am a 'therapist' for everyone in my life but i am the devil of my own. - i can't imagine still being alive after 20 years old. - i'm never in the moment. i'm always thinking about the future and growing old. nonetheless, i am self-aware that my head tells me complete lies. also, i understand that i am young and that my life hasn't even begun yet. but if i think about it, i'm not sure if i want it to begin. some back story, i'm on the creative side. i am a rising audio engineer and i use logic pro x. i am decent at digital art and i have a mother who wholeheartedly supports my passions. recognizing that, it sounds nice and as if i have a path set for me but it's never that simple. as my friends and peers watch me work, i've even had a handful tell me they wish they were me. yet, i feel like i'm just grasping the basics and somehow they're impressed? no, you do not want to be me. i'm never satisfied with myself and i can't seem to feel satisfaction at all from my progress. you'd think with a mindset like this, you'd find me wide awake at 3am watching youtube tutorials on how to improve on my passion. for some reason, i fall short with my attention span and so many thoughts fire in my mind. i realize that the job that i truly want in the music industry is undoubtedly difficult, very social, and a constant grind. right place and right time, go outside to events, know people.. as an introvert, just thinking about it overwhelms me and i don't even want to try. nevertheless, it's my craft.. i know i have to "just do it" and work my ass off but i can't.. i just can't. this life is too much and don't get me started on my personal life or the things i don't even want to mention.. or the thousands of questions i can't seem to find answers to.. "am i just being lazy?" "is life even real?" "how can i stop being a fuck-up?" "use your privileges god damn it and be the person you want to meet someday." thoughts circle and circle and circle.. they never seem to shut up.. i'm always thinking.. the only thing holding me back is my dear mother. in second, the fact that this choice i've been contemplating for years is permanent. in third, the agony of bearing an untold story inside of me. i don't want to have to make another mistake, not meet my expectations, and then when i do, i feel nothing. but don't mistakes help you learn? yes, absolutely! do i want to believe that? no, absolutely not! since i've rambled and whined too much, i don't mind if no one responds to this. i just want to be heard.. i just want to be able to say how i'm feeling without being a burden or ashamed. if you read this, thank you for letting me share a part of my story. whatever ends up happening to me i just want to let you know that you're doing great. even though i don't know you, i believe in you. i really do. try your best for me, okay?	❤️
i'm suicidal when im not high. how to improve my natural state...???	💔
lmao i hope i can stay alive this yeari told my best friend my new year's resolution is staying alive even though i said that as a joke but she said "good luck" now i actually kinda wanna stay alive for her sake idk tho. happy new year guys let's be stronger this year	😁
would any one really miss me? i'm 41 got a great woman. well had idk i cheated on her lied to her. now she's been really searching everything in my phone. well i believe i'm losing her and skiing with her there is two great kids. i love them all with all my heart and soul would and have have to everything for them . been teased and ridiculed my whole life it seems. don't really have what you'd call friends never really did. not one person ever calls me or messengers me or texts me. nothing not even my own family . so again i'm going to ask who would really miss me if i was gone? i'm going to say no one. really don't want to live.	😢
what the fuck have i done this year...i had a mental breakdown a year ago. i used to smoke way too much weed (5 spliffs per day) and cigarettes (15 per day) and i ate extremely unhealthy too for 9 years. on top of that i had just lived life without thinking clearly and just lived in the moment. i became suicidal because i was so shocked at why my past self didn't just fucking live healthy like i've been doing for the last 2 years. my mind was set on killing myself. then i contact my ex who i dumped about missing her, telling her breaking up was one my many mistakes and so on, but she blocked me. in some random, dumb, depressed, idiotic, life-ruining impulse i made a new account and wrote extremely suicidal texts to her. she said she had improved a lot and i said. 'fuck improving. i'm done with life. pointless bullshit anyway. you still want my cat?'... after that she got angry. i start to explain it. she engages, but then blocks me. this happens like 8 times. after a while she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. then i reply that i did change because i hit the gym 6 times per week, eat extremely healthy, quit smoking, graduated and starting my career. that's her cue to explode. she writes an extremely mean message filled with hate, disdain and degrading stuff. 'you'll never learn how to live your life' 'loser' 'whiner' 'tragic' 'forecasting that you're going to die? i don't fucking care!' 'this is the same irrational behavior as at that concert when you were arguing with random ppl'... 'don't have to feel any guilt because of how you dumped me'... she also told me she would never reply again. then it becomes chaos in my head. it was already chaos, but after that it just went overboard. i hate those insults so much. they repeat in my head all the time. i can't cope with it. i'm too emotionally weak already. i struggled to recover from my suicidal thoughts and this on top of it was too much. like i just started screaming out of agony after i read those words for the first time... 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... constantly repeating in my head. flashbacks to arguing at that concert. feeling even worse about myself. initially fucking hated her! she was 8 years older and came into my life and i never asked for it and then she can't even bring herself to end it without a bunch of insults that are so toxic for my mental health at that time! so i was fucking angry and wrote insulting messages back in the beginning. like really nasty ones too. that she was fucking ugly and i couldn't stand looking at her disgusting mug. not proud of that, but i had such intense rage that she knew how much this would hurt me and did it anyway. after that i changed though. i started to realize that i was in the wrong. i changed my tone and began explaining all the time. begging to talk it out. i did this for like 4 to 5 months because i couldn't think of anything else. in the end i wrote an extremely personal e-mail to her workmail that got forwarded to her co-workers in which i called myself a piece of shit and more dramatic stuff like saying 'begging the universe i'm still on time'... i fully took the blame in that one. i still had one weak moment and wrote another message like a month later to her linkedin. last week i wrote another one to her instagram telling her i still feel so much pain, but she blocked me again. the messages were extremely self-critical. completely kissing her feet. telling her she's better than me in every aspect... lost all my self-esteem because of this shit. i just hate myself. i can't believe that this has happened. i hate that this is part of my life story. i feel like i should kill myself sometimes because i can't stand myself. i'm so ashamed of myself because i'm such a cringelord. i'm not a good person... i'm so scared for the future and afraid of getting cancer. i'm terrified she will tell it to my family after i die. or that she will expose me in the future. i feel sooooooo bad about this.	😓
i'm only alive today because i didn't have enough pillsi sat on my bedroom floor last night counting all the pills i had. unfortunately i didn't have enough to actually overdose and die. i'm thinking when i get my prescription refilled i can finally do it. i'm tired. this world was not meant for me, and i was not meant for it. best wishes to all of you	❤️
i have come to terms with the fact that nobody will call me anymoreok but on the other hand the suicide hotline lady was so nice to me i lied about being safe because i didn't want them to like send someone to the house but even tho i said i was safe she still made me feel better	😔
better location: where i work or where i live?seriously thinking of overdosing on my medication (dualoxatine) and trying to decide if it's better to kill myself where i live or where i work? obviously not in my home but probably a remote part of the city. i just don't want to survive this time however i attempt it; my insurance won't cover another trip to the er, and i don't want to saddle my partner with debt.	😂
every day. every f-ing day. it's like i'm used to being suicidal. every damn day i think about it. about ending it all. it's so damn torturous because i'm too goddamn pussy to do anything. i'm stuck in this trap and i don't have the guts to do anything. every day i keep telling myself that it'll get better. but it doesn't. i'm sick of lying to myself. i can't just ignore my feelings. but if i go near them i just wanna die. no one can empathise with me. i just drag everybody down. i'm not good with girls. never have been never will be. and it's so disgusting. i'm fine with the idea of dying. suicidal ideation is as normal to me as my name. it's becoming a sick fantasy of mine. everywhere i go, i go with a smile, because it's the only way to get anyone to interact with me. but no one knows the help i need. which is ironic-since most of the time i don't want it. i want death, but life clings to me like a disease. i wish i could take the place of some poor soul who wants to live but will die soon so that they could live.	😔
i found my pills i just want to say thank you to everybody that said those kind words to me on this subreddit and on r/advice. your kind words have meant a lot to me but i know that i'm not supposed to be here, no amount of the therapy or pills will change that and i've accepted that. if i could ask you all to do one thing whether your someone that's depressed or your helping the depressed. please check up on the people around you even if it's a "hey how are you?" it can go a long way. even those friends that seem like they have it all together just check on them because everyone is going through there own shit and could probably use a friend. good luck to you all	🖤
blamed by familymy family has lost my sister in law to suicide. her and my brother were best friends since they were young (known each other for 10+ years) as they grew older they became a couple and recently had a child who just turned 1. they were inseparable. they lived together and then they came to live with me for awhile. we became close and i was used to seeing them together everyday. she was someone who was always smiling, and she loved her son and my brother very much. recently she had moved out and i guess something happened between them where they were no longer together. my brother had been exposed to someone with covid-19 and so we were in quarantine for 2 weeks. he didn't go over to her house because he didn't want to get her or their son sick. she made a post about how "she doesn't know how fathers can chose not to see their kids". from there it went all downhill. i knew they weren't together by the post she would share on fb. i wasn't sure what the reason was, i still don't. however, within the last 2-3 days before her suicide she was acting very weird, she came at 12am holding their son and she could barely stand. the next day her mom took her son from her because i'm guessing she noticed something was not right with her. from there she came back to our house she had crashed her car she said due to someone chasing her. she said she was fine but her bumper was off. she left again she came back and had someone(not sure who yet)?bring her to steal my brothers car that night and crashed it because the front light was broken. she said she didn't steal the car when we asked but she showed up in the car. she said she didn't remember doing that. me and my mom sat her down and asked her what was wrong, and that she could tell us anything. she told us she was fine. we made her stay the night and get some sleep in the morning she put sugar in all the cars tanks and other parts of the car at my house, she beat the cars with sticks, she tried to climb into the window where my brother was. she started hitting him, broke his necklace, grabbed his things and started to destroy them they were arguing and it got physical. i broke them up. i went and grabbed my mom and she came out and made sure everything was ok and said this can't continue to happen. my brother called her sister to tell her what my sis in law was doing, but she said "it's all your fault" and they hung up. i called my dad and told him he went to look for her and he found her on the side of the street she had left her car parked with windows down and her keys on the street. she didn't know what she was doing. he brought her to her moms thinking that she would be safe with them, she had grabbed her son and fell with him. her parents and siblings were there so he left her there with them. we found out she went walking and committed suicide by jumping off the bridge. her brother and sister had followed her in their car but she jumped off the bridge. now they are blaming my brother and saying that he can't go to the funeral or have his son back and that they never want to see us again. they have also been telling people that it was my brothers fault. i just don't know what to do, or what to say to them. we all miss her too. we are heartbroken. we loved her. our life will never be the same. i play the last moments with her over and over in my head thinking what i shouldn't done. but i never expected this to ever happen. looking for some advise or opinion. i can literally feel the pain in my chest	😢
i have this feeling everyday.i'm 19 years old. it seems like all my peers who i went to school with are all graduated and going to college i can't afford it. i had a girlfriend it lasted 4 years she recently just broke up with me. i've always struggled with the thought of suicide. last christmas day i went to the hospital because i took 18 gabapentin and started overdosing and got my stomach pumped. i don't have anyone. my father has never been there. my mother passed away when i was 7. i'm 19 trying to make ends meet on my own. i struggle to get a good job that can pay enough to actually survive. my girlfriend left me because i'm insecure. i kept thinking she was talking to other guys even though she was but not in the way i was thinking i guess, we will never know. but anyways to sum it all up. it feels like there's no way out. life is too hard life is too short. i don't have anyone i don't have anything i can barely feed myself. i really don't wanna be here anymore. everyday in the front of my mind is the thought of suicide. i think about it everyday. as soon as i wake. all throughout the day. and i've always had these thoughts. but now it's just i'm down so bad there's no way out. i don't wanna be here anymore. my name is anthony. i appreciate you if you read this. thank you but i think my time is up. i'm worthless.	❤️
thoughts of leaving this world... last night i got really drunk and told my boyfriend of 8 years that he didn't have to worry about me anymore because i'll be gone soon... i then proceeded to tell him that i was going away soon and that it won't hurt forever, that it will be like a bad break up and he will get over it soon. i told him that i'm going to another place that is better for me and easier for me to live. i'm unsure if this is a reason to admit myself to psych but it sounds like deep down inside i really want release and i want to move on. i don't have any plans right now to do anything to myself but deep down i don't want to be here anymore. that's pretty obvious and i admitted it to him last night. today we went out and pretended last night didn't happen but i'm sure inside he is scared and hurt. have anyone else ever done this? i think i should stay away from drinking for like, ever. tomorrow i come off my meds because i moved and was unable to find a doctor soon enough so i will have to goto the er and get some prescriptions filled. if i stay off my meds i'm worried things will get a lot worse and i'm back to square one again.	😞
i think i'm forced to kill myself due to my bad behaviori had a mental breakdown a year ago. i used to smoke way too much weed and cigarettes and i ate extremely unhealthy too for 9 years. on top of that i had just lived life without thinking clearly and just lived in the moment. i became suicidal. my mind was set on killing myself. then i contact my ex. in some random, dumb, depressed, idiotic, life-ruining impulse i made a new account and wrote extremely suicidal texts to her. she said she had improved a lot and i said. 'fuck improving. i'm done with life. pointless bullshit anyway. you still want my cat?'... after that she got angry. i start to explain it. she engages, but then blocks me. this happens like 8 times. after a while she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. then i reply that i did change because i hit the gym 6 times per week, eat extremely healthy, quit smoking, graduated and starting my career. that's her cue to explode. she writes an extremely mean message filled with hate, disdain and degrading stuff. 'you'll never learn how to live your life' 'loser' 'whiner' 'this is the same irrational behavior as at that concert when you were arguing with random ppl'... then it becomes chaos in my head. it was already chaos, but after that it just went overboard. i hate those insults so much. they repeat in my head all the time. i can't cope with it. i'm too emotionally weak already. i struggled to recover from my suicidal thoughts and this on top of it was too much. 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... constantly repeating in my head. i fucking hated her! she was 8 years older and came into my life and i never asked for it and then she can't even bring herself to end it without a bunch of insults that are so toxic for my mental health at that time! so i was fucking angry and wrote insulting messages back in the beginning. after that i changed though. i started to realize that i was in the wrong. i changed my tone and began explaining all the time. begging to talk it out. i did this for like 4 to 5 months because i couldn't think of anything else. in the end i wrote an extremely personal e-mail to her workmail that got forwarded to her co-workers in which i called myself a piece of shit and more dramatic stuff i fully took the blame in that one. i still had one weak moment and wrote a message to her linkedin and that was it. i hate myself. i can't believe that this has happened. i hate that this is part of my life story. i feel like i should kill myself. what the fuck??? those messages are also black on white. they won't disappear. she can expose me 10 years from now. i've officially ruined my life by being a crazy, deranged and idiotic stalker because i couldn't deal with those insults.	😓
glad i made it hey guys. wanted to share this, incase it helps anyone. in november of 2015, i attempted suicide. it didn't work. not even close. i thought it would, and i was totally prepared to die. when it didn't, i felt a mixture of disappointment and relief. cut to: last october 2016. i was better, definitely better, but no where near close to being healed. i was depressed most weeks, and i often thought about suicide. this lasted up until around the beginning of january. until then, i was still healing, and still trying to just get through life. cut to: march 2017. i'd been feeling so much better. i was enjoying life, and for the first time in ages, i was enjoying getting out and going to class, and even seeing people. that's why i didn't see that tuesday coming. out of no where, the feelings hit me, and it was as if they'd never left. i was on campus, looking at everyone around me, feeling completely alone and completely done. i was determined to try again, only this time i wouldn't mess up. only this time, my boyfriend saved me. he talked me through it, helped me through the night, and by the next morning i was on my way to feeling better again. you know how these things go. finally, cut to: the end of march. i decided to begin applying for jobs (i graduate college in may.) i applied, and got denied, to many many places. i was beginning to get distraught, and i felt hopeless. at this point, i didn't know why i was alive. it felt like i had nothing going for me, and i was doomed to be worthless. (this process for me technically started in january, but i focused a lot on it in march.) a week later a saw a job posting for a position that looked like it would fit me. not thinking anything of it, or expecting a reply, i sent in my application. the next day i got an interview. that same day i was hired. since then, it's only april. today is april 22nd, 2017, and i am so thankful i was never successful in ending my life. this job that i thought nothing of, has changed my life. it is the job of my dreams. each day i walk in to work so excited, and so so incredibly happy. after my first day, the first thing i thought to myself was "thank god i lived." things can change. things can turn around. i'm not saying i still don't struggle, or that i won't ever struggle again. hell most nights are still hard, haha. but because i made it through, i got to experience this incredible opportunity to work for my dream company, doing what i love to do. it only took 2 days for things to get dramatically better. 2 days. it's unfortunate i suffered for so long, and that most people have to, but i just wanted to tell someone my story in case anyone else feels trapped in how their life is going. i think i'll always struggle, but at least now i'm happy most days. if anyone needs someone to talk to, i'm here	😊
tired of looking like a monsteri'm 28 and have dealt with mild to moderate acne since i was 17. i eat clean as fuck. drink gallon of water a day. whole foods. no dairy. skin will get decent for a few days then goes back to hell. it's destroying me. i hate going out now. i prefer to be in my room. at least no one will have to see my face. going to work is a nightmare. since i work in a restaurant surrounded by people everyday. i just want it gone. i want the stress of it gone. i've never been suicidal but it's starting to sound good now. won't be in misery anymore. don't know what's after death but has to be better than this shit.	😞
fuck everyone & everything. but i'm sorry.wasn't always been this way. i was cheerful before lived a good life and happiness and joy. now i lay in bed dreaming of the day i would like to kill myself. it's so morbid that killing myself actually helps me sleep. i don't think i can fix my life anymore and i fucking hate myself. i just want to rng die. i drove up mt. ubhunum the other day and had the urge to drive off a cliff. i fucking get anxiety ordering fast food. fuck depression can't live my life anymore sh*t. anti-depressants do shit. nothing. thanks for the memories. either i wander this earth for another 25+ years or fucking die. endless cycled loop i cannot escape. i lived a good life i guess. but i already died a million times before i wake up. nothing brings me happiness anymore.	😭
help just looking for ways to make a suicide look like an accident	😢
[progress] (hopefully progress) gonna start giving myself a breaknobody is perfect not even those we idealize starting today i'm gonna strive to cut myself a break to stop beating myself up all the time and i invite all of you who may also be giving yourselves a hard time to join me	😊
unrequited love suicide i have loved her for ten years. she loves me but isn't in love with me . i'm so hurt and in pain yet she is out on dates and fucking other guys. i have been told to accept it or leave. would killing myself cause her to feel as much pain as i am experiencing? i'm tired of the pain and hurt. she doesn't care. i'm just her friend. she looks right through me. i wanna die...	🙄
the fact that your brain wants you to die, but your body will do anything to survive is bullshitno matter how hard you try, it's all pointless because for some reason your brain is dead set on feeling like the worst shit possible by default. if you start to feel better for even just a little while, it will all come crashing back down again so you feel worse than you did before. why do some people have mental illness and others don't? why are others fine and do i have to be put on meds, not even to be fine, but to not feel anything? what fucking genius created life and decided some people just aren't allowed to have the freedom of a mind that's not constantly telling them that it'd be better if they're just dead? in a world where the majority of people are inconsiderate, judgemental know-it-alls who want to decide for you that what you're feeling isn't a reason to kill yourself.	👍
i just want to die i'm so fucking tired of people telling me that i should hold on & things will get better. ive been waiting for things to get better for 7 years now & life just keeps getting harder & harder. honestly i do not want to be here no more the only time i'm happy is when i think about ending my life. i'd be better off dead. i've tried to seek help & i've told therapists that i'm suicidal & the response i get is " oh i'm sorry to hear that" like wtf. it's like no one cares until you actually die. i have no friends in the city i moved to & back home i have like 3 & they just ignore me or change the subject when so say that i'm depressed or suicidal. i feel so alone ... i am alone. i have no one, no family, no friends that check up on me. i have one sided friendships they don't msg me unless i msg them which makes me feel like they not interested in me at all. i hate my job. i thought i enjoyed working with children but now i think i don't. the baby i look after just cries all the time & nothing i do soothes her & it's starting to get to me i just cant do this anymore.	😭
i recently tried to stab myself in the stomache. to anyone who feels hopeless please read this. too much sadness here i didn't tell anyone or left any notes or hints. i walked into the woods at 3 am with a kitchen knife. i was fully prepared to die. but my buddy called, i felt like an idiot, why did i bring my phone? im just used to carrying it around. but i didn't tell my buddy, i was crying during our conversation. i ended up going home. the next day i told my social worker what happened and they took me to a behavioral health hospital. i came upon some ideas and hindsight! i know we offer think here but hear me out. i believe that there is no god, no one is destined for anything, our lives are completely meaningless when we die we will have no brain to remember what happened and eventually earth too will die. i see the world this way. i know everything will end. until i saw my niece, new born. so innocent, so helpless. i watched the flame from my match burn until it faded. i watched the sun set. i realized that there is beauty in this circle. that my life is limited. i ran to. nj and found a new job. no one knows me so i got to present a new version of myself. ofcourse im still very much depressed. by following what i imagine my best self would do i learned to cope. i still don't have friends though none the less i can't die here. not after everything i've gone through. i wont let my mental illness win. the truth is im so scared. im burning inside. bit i have to try. i want to be a marine someday. im holding on to that dream. it's all i have.	😅
i want to tell loved ones respectfully (this is a rambling mess which mentions tw/sexual assault) forgive the long post. i rarely sleep. all my thoughts are rambles. about me: edge of 22y/o, female, recent college grad, planning for grad school, working in retail. parents divorced at 6y/o, dad remarried when i was 10 (abusive stepmom, cheated on my dad and gave me a half brother, not in that order, now divorced from my dad), dad remarried at brazilian woman when i was 20 (resents me for not making connection with new woman. separates from her recently), mom remarries at around 13y/o??? (alcoholic. like ex stepmom shifts from being very close and friendly to abusive to me.) mom remarried at 16??? (he is nice but gruff. makes it clear he does not love me but respects me and loves my mom) currently border line estranged from dad and living with mom who i have a very tense relationship with. both parents see me as a failure and a disappointment. i am my moms only child. i was in a heavily abusive relationship for a year in college and was raped multiple times. i have worked to be an advocate for others in this position and my mother is ashamed of me. i suffer bad ptsd from this relationship, hallucinations, night terrors, panic attacks, all so bad i dread sleeping. i was unable to report because colleges suck at that and my abuser was mentally unstable and the school could not guarantee my safety at all. my current partner is supportive but 6 hours away and i know he would be better off with a different girl who has less needs and would be better liked by his family. (i'm a queer atheist and he comes from a hyper religious family) i hate my job in retail barely making minimum wage. everyone treats me like a moron and my coworkers and customers will jump behind me or touch me without my okay and it's often enough to cause panic attacks and deep dread. i hate feeling weak like this. i'm not. everyone tells me i'm stupid and worthless. i can't help but think they are right. i have tried to kill myself before, in high school. i just ended up covered in bruises from the jump. i didn't even break anything. what a fucking idiot i am. i wasn't thinking. i just wanted to die. and i thought overthinking it would make me back out. my mom always told me when i lost yet another friend that maybe i should take a look at myself and i have. i'm a bad person. impatient, stubborn, low self esteem, sad or angry most of the time, honest to a fault, and not good looking. that last part doesn't make me a bad person per sae but i do think less valuable. i have a very german, mannish look and thick dark hair from my sicilian side and literally no chin. my aunt assumed i was becoming a trans man. i feel like i'm broken. i have since i was younger. i ask myself what my purpose is and i don't have an answer. i don't have a god to run to or a friend in my area. no one checks in on me and when i come home feeling like a failure my family assures me that i am. i feel like i'm hurting the people around me that i love, that i really care about. i think i just turned out bad and i don't want to keep waiting for life to change when i have so many layers of trauma and depression that i can't change. i think often if i could go to sleep and sleep and sleep and not wake up and stop hurting and being so afraid that that would be so nice. not death so much as just disappearing. just fading out of everything and i don't have to let people down anymore. my mom is a nurse so we have a lot of drugs in the house (nothing illegal, just an overfilled medicine closet) and i think i'm ready to do it. i just don't know how to ensure everyone knows this is my fault, my choice, and not an outside influence. i was born broken and i'll die broken. they didn't do it. no one did it but me, through whatever free will/choice i've had. any ways that i can get that across meaningfully?	😅
im so lostso much is going wrong and idk what to do the main thing is my family. my father is verbally abusive, making no money, and causes me so much stress. he never helps around the house and just constantly starts fights and insults us. he also makes threats on our lives. we've called the police but they dont do shit. every fucking day i wake up to the kitchen being a disaster and i have to clean it all up only to get yelled at. my brother rarely helps and complains whenever i ask. and my mom works so long that she physically cant. my mom keeps saying that she's trying to get him out but hasnt done anything because we cant find a house to move into and will only be able to afford the current one for a short amount of time after. my father is an alcoholic and just keeps costing us more money and making us miserable but we're seemingly fucking stuck with him and i dont know how much longer i can handle it. i obviously show signs of mental illness but i cannot get professional diagnosis or help. as i mentioned earlier, we need to save money to try to get my father out. and aside from that my mom overreacts about everything and would just make me feel worse. she'd keep me under constant surveillance and make me really uncomfortable. i hate when people pry and i have a feeling her behavior would just push me over the edge. the only people i have to talk to are some of my friends but all they can offer is a bit of comfort over the phone that barely helps. with school starting my anxiety has just been booming. normal school already makes me anxious and online has proved to be even worse. i cant interact with the few people that can distract me and make me feel better in person and the online setting throws me off. i spend half of the time zoning out because i have issues focusing and the other nearly having an anxiety attack because i feel like im learning nothing and going to fail. it also feels like everyone on the call is listening to me and watching me. when youre in person you can look around and check that no one is staring but online youd never know and we're not allowed to turn off our cameras and it makes me extremely anxious. i would try to talk to a counselor but if they would contact my parents i would be fucked. school in general has been getting so much harder. i used to be dead-set on becoming a veterinarian so i could use that as leverage to force myself to focus but recently ive been unsure of that dream and dont have that help anymore. the only thing im sure of is that i want to leave america. im especially interested in scotland, japan, or korea. in korea or japan id be fine with being an english teacher but i have no clue what i would do in scotland and recently that is the country that ive been most interested in. nothing i do in school catches my interest or seems important anymore so i just check out and then have no idea what im doing and im too anxious to ask a teacher or classmate. and aside from all of that. im just fucking lonely. i have a few close friends but one of them never has her phone, another has his own issues to deal with, and the last i just dont feel comfortable being very vulnerable with because i feel like she wouldnt get it. she's much happier than me. i dont feel comfortable around most of my family. the only exceptions being my grandparents, but i cant tell them anything because theyre so close to my mother, and my cousins, who i dont see enough to justify opening up to them about these things. i also find myself frequently craving physical affection as a form of comfort but few people i know are affectionate and regardless im too anxious to ever ask. recently ive been losing sleep because i feel so anxious and unsafe while im alone but i dont have anyone that can make me feel safe. also because of my father and some other traumatic events i have a deep rooted fear of relationships and feel like im going to either be taken advantage of or im going to fuck them up. not very nice when im also lonely as fuck. the only people id feel comfortable with are people ive known forever that im really close with but i suck at meeting new people and i also would be scared they wouldnt see me in the same way and id ruin a friendship. so it's just a dumb ass cycle of me being alone and miserable. this is long as fuck but everything is going wrong and i dont know how much longer i can take it. ive thought about suicide for years now but always been too scared to go through with it. the more that goes downhill though, the easier of an option it seems. oh yeah and to top everything off im non-binary and bisexual and my mom doesnt support it so i cant come out to her and my brother has made fun of people like that before :))) the only people again are my cousins but like i said before,, i see them so infrequently that i cannot justify opening up like that if you read this fucking novel,, thanks. im gonna go lay in bed and try not to puke from the anxiety im feeling about school tomorrow	✌️
the cycle just never ends.. here i am again c':i don't want to die.. there's so much good in my life, but i'm the anomaly. i'm so tired of being sick every day, tired of having 0 energy to do anything with my life, tired of the constant mood swings that make me question who i really am.. i'm tired	😔
so hard to see you folksin every sense of the word it's so hard to see you people. it's hard to see you suffering, it breaks my heart. it's also just difficult to see you...at all. many of you go about your daily lives and never show face; no one really knows your internal struggle. i know over the years i've gotten pretty good at it. i don't really have a reason for writing this post other than i just wanted to say reading through these posts over the last while since i've found this subreddit...it's amazing what y'all go through. you guys are so strong, beautiful. i hope some day you can see that. take care my lovelies (if anyone wants to chat about anything i'll try my best to lend an open ear :))	❤️
goodbye tonight's the night. family thinks i've just gone to the car to get something and that i'm basically a moody twat. alright then, fuck you. see you later you self centred pricks. after confessing to my own mum about how i felt years ago, she turns it around and says that she's the one who's depressed and completely disregards how i feel. it's too late to go back now. messaging the only person i've had the slightest bit of connection with to say goodbye. callum, sorry for being a shit friend. i hope you enjoy the rest of your life because you truly deserve the best. going to cruise around now, hopefully find a nice tree to smash into. see you later folks, don't end up like me	😊
i guess death is the only way... my life has been horrible. i have no friends, nobody loves me. i keep being bullied and judged. there is no point for me to move on with my life. i guess death is the only way... it's the only way to get rid of the pain.... i'm going to do it soon. thanks for trying to help me, but i think i've reached the end of the line. it's time to stop living for good. goodbye...	👋
someone out there is thinking of you right now anyone going through any tough times. just understand you have a greater purpose. sometimes it takes a week to find, sometimes it takes years. but stick with it and live it up. adventure, enjoy nature, enjoy people and if you are alone simply people watch. humans are so interesting. but you will make friends. you get the energy you put into the world.	❤️
i'm done. i just can't anymore i've reached my limit. i've waited so long and tried so hard to make things better, and my life is only getting more and more unbearable. my psychologist dumped me saying he can't help me. my new one saw me for over session and said she isn't qualified to deal with me. i told my ex-boyfriend that i had been harming tonight (he had always known i struggle with it) and that i am seriously considering ending my life... and he went to bed. he knows i've tried before. and succeeded, to an extent, until i was interrupted. my father, who was arrested a few weeks ago for getting violent, left a blade on my pillow. i don't even know why i'm posting. maybe someone online might at least acknowledge that i existed and that i tried so damn hard. i just can't anymore. i'm sorry.	😔
feeling hopeless and unwanted. i once again feel very suicidal. hi there, if you are reading this, thank you for stopping by and having the patience. i am a 27 year old guy, unemployed, broke, and soon to be homeless. i have been struggling for more than a year now. i can't help but look back at how i failed all these years. i am on antidepressants and sleep aids. sometimes, i have the urge to do an overdose and something just stops me. but i feel unworthy and i want to quit. it's been rough for a while now and i am tired.	😞
going to kill myself friday i have 3 same post on my page & honestly i'm getting tired of living. growing up i had an abusive alcoholic dad who beat me & made fun of me. i have 4 little brothers whom i took care of as i was there dad while my mother worked. my mom never allowed me to go out and play with other kids because we lived in the "hood". i'm half black half mexican and when i was growing up i went thru identity crisis and still do today. i never had friends bc all the kids at school would make me a target to poke fun at and beat up bc i couldn't protect myself. i would stay up all night at home playing video games dreaming of making friends then go to school and fall asleep in all my classes bc i was mentally tired to even try anymore. my isolation got so bad when i got into high school i became mute and stayed to myself. at lunch i'd go to a hall where no one was and sit and cry bc i wondered what's wrong with me ? at 18 i changed i got out of that started making friends going out on dates and stuff ran track. i felt regular again but still something felt wrong. people tell me the way i speak and the way i am about myself makes them angry. that i look down on people and think i am better then everyone. i am a evil person so says my first girlfriend. i don't blame her id always tell her over the phone "why don't people respect me" "why do i get treated like shit" "i am creative what am i doing wrong" showing her my insecurities... till she finally got sick of it. i drove her away. i am overly emotional and dramatic. i embarrassed out of trying to make our relationship work once in public and 4 times showing up to her place when she didn't want me too. then finally i tried to break into her home when i was being avoided for 3-4 weeks..... we lasted 10 months. an i do not wnana kill myself because of her but because i do not feel normal. it feels as if my mind is having 4-5 thoughts at once and i can't function correctly. as the day i tried to break in it felt as if someone took over my body as if i was in flight or fight mode and my body was fighting to keep its life. as she left the house in a lyft ride i awoke to my senses and felt death.... now i'm at my worse and haven't left my apartment room for 2 months rent is due today and i have no money. i'm plotting my suicide soon bc i have no health insurance and truly think it's too late for me. i'm too far behind in being mentally ready for life and all of these new situations are hitting me like a train. my girlfriend was helping me get better but as soon as she saw the crazy that was it. so i am this close to ending this game called life. last thing she said was "why can't you be normal" .....	💔
drinking winejust wanted to say hello to my fellow people who are struggling with suicidal thoughts as well	👋
endin my shitall my life i've been guilt tripped by both parents and i didn't even know. it's super draining waking up in the morning and getting shit because i'm not smart like my brothers are or being told to leave everyone alone because i'm annoying. i was constantly told i was the reason why they fight and they would somehow they would always get my other siblings to add onto giving me shit with them. and now i've had enough. i'm tired of them controlling how i feel and how i live but there's really nothing else i can do. i'm not legally able to leave my parents and live by myself cuz i'm not old enough. and so i'm just gonna take some of those sleeping pills and wish for the best. no more getting told that i'm an idiot. no more of hearing them argue about stupid bullshit that only inflate their egos. no more fucking stress.	✌️
... i really don't know if people are actually going to read this, but i want to die. i love a very well life, don't get me wrong. but i am constantly faced with depression almost every single day. i attempted to fly to heaven once and failed and tried receiving help from others but i'm back to a state of where i want get off this planet. i have begun to paint red roses on my thighs. it doesn't hurt. it brings pleasure to me. i have been struggling to not over do the cuts so my family doesn't notice but i'm scared they will. my dad struggles to understand my emotions and whenever i have a panic attack he forces me to continue with life, yell at me, or leave me to myself which i think is the best option. my mother makes me feel guilty for the choices i make so i don't feel like i can tell her anything anymore. she doesn't deal with my panic attack. she gets agitated and when my anxiety kicked in for awhile it had caused me to throw up almost everything i ate. she accused me of being bulimic (which i'm not). because of that incident they tried to convince me that i needed to quick a lot of things i love doing. i'm struggling with so much more and i don't know what to do. i can't talk to friends and i can't to family. only reason i'm still here is because my cat started crying when i attempted suicide. i'm done and really don't know what to do. smiling is all i know how to do to anymore to convince people i'm alright sorry it's so long.	😁
another day.... trying to get through another day. sometimes i just don't know why i'm here. day in and day out is so hard. no one really gets it as i sit here with another happy face pretending i'm ok	😓
any suggestions ? i think we all know how depression works. does anyone know how to fix this; so i have friends, sure-- but barely any i trust, and so very little i actually like to hang out with because i don't see them as being real, and most are self absorbed. and yet by my not being their friends, me eating alone and sticking my nose in a book completely alone and ostracizing my self is almost like a barrier from this world, so i don't have to face the real world. deep down i hate it, and i've fallen low before because of this lonely feeling. i don't want that to happen, not again, is there a certain perspective i could keep in mind? i could make friends, but i don't want to, because i know none of them will count. so many people have left me, you see. i don't want to be alone, so i stick my nose in a book. but i also see the truth in how many people in my age group have trouble creating an actual trust worthy friendship, and i don't need any of that. been there, done that. and yet i feel alone, even though i know i'm making the right choice in separating myself from false hope. hopefully the doubt and unwavering pain from my last break doesn't crumble all my walls, god forbid i don't become how i used to be.	❤️
all i can think about is cuttingso i took my kids to six flags today and we just got home and all i can think about is taking a shower and cutting. i dk why! i had a great day besides being exhausted . i don't know what's wrong	😩
i am walking on the edge... well... it's my first post here and i don't know how i should say everything. i am a girl and i am 16. since the first grade i have been an outcast. i was chubby and wore glasses and apparently it was enough of a reason for the others to mock and bully me. in these types of situation usually parents would be supportive and loving to their kids telling them that they are perfect the way they are, but no. not my mom. she would always tell how much of a failure and disappointment i am and that i am fat and this is why i don't have a boyfriend. but a few hours later she is the one that is trying to hug me and stuff, like nothing has ever happened. now i have anxiety and depression. i am thinking about suicide more often. and my mother, now that she is suspecting my depression, she is blaming me for it. she says that i am ungrateful and says that she is pitiful. quote: "and what are you going to do now? cut yourself? commit suicide? after everything i've done for you?". in her eyes i am the worst child in the world. right now while i am writing this, she is talking with my aunt and she says that she sacrificed her youth for us (me and my brother) and that i am such ungrateful, bad and horrible child. the only thing that stops me now from committing suicide is the guilt and shame that my dad will affect the others, that if they will even be affected. p.s. i told my "best friend" about my problem, she brushed it off and said "and what?". i regret telling her. i sincerely hoped that she will help me. edit 1: i am amazed that there are people who care. i am thankful for your kind words. your words helped me go through some rough moments and made me truly smile. thank you very much!	😢
i wish i never existed life just sucks. no one is really there for me, i keep all my problems away from my family only because i don't want to bring anyone down for the fact that i hate my life, nothing ever goes right for me, i have no real friends i barley talk to anyone/family and just like to be alone and just smoke/drink my problems away i've recently just been really suicidal, i really really don't want to kill myself because i know if i did it would hurt my family and that's what kills me the most. i hope anyone reading this that's going through hell, please hold on aslong as you can or try and vent to yourself which helps me and makes me think that time heals everything. all the best	❤️
i think i'm gonna kill myself next weektoday i had a realization. a bittersweet realization. i'm going to kill myself one day, and i think i will do it next week. i just hope i build up the courage, though i'll most likely force myself to do it. after years of struggling alone through depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts etc. i have come to the conclusion that this is what my life is and this is how it's always going to be. i've reached out for help several different times through several different ways, but nothing ever works and now i'm done. i say it's bittersweet because there's a part of me that does want to live and see where life would go or if i would actually ever accomplish anything. but i think it's safe to say that i'd much rather die than continue to live this life. for the first time in a long time i feel at peace, like i'm in control of something. i can finally be in control of something in my life. i might make a post saying goodbye before i do it because well, for the past few weeks reddit has been my only source of joy and i've met so many kind people on here. i know this is kinda extra and i actually didn't have to do this, but i guess i'm just trying to share my feelings, like i've been doing on here. thankyou for reading if you read this far, and you don't have to try to convince me to change my mind, i think i've made my decision. i just hope it works, but i'll probably update if it doesn't or if for some bizarre reason i change my mind or chicken out. thankyou for reading this just wanted to get this off of my chest i guess because i have no where else to share it really.	❤️
yeah i think i'm gonna attempt tonight. this will be my worst (hopefully) attempt yet.i'm gonna try to od, did some research and certain... pills... take surprisingly less to kill yourself with, accidentally or on purpose, than i thought they would. i guess this is the one time i'm happy i'm small and skinny, less weight the more i can get fucked up with an od. i've written so many suicide notes idk if i have brain capacity or shits to give to sit through another one anymore. wish i had a way to let my friends know about my death, _after_ i'm dead but i dunno how to achieve that. perhaps i'll brainstorm and leave a little note that my last wish is for someone to notify and thank all of my friends. peace out (probably).	✌️
is that time of the year when i think i'm finally going to do it and then... i chicken out man, offing yourself is not fucking easy...	😞
it will break my beloved parents hearts in two forever they have been the most loving, supportive and understanding parents i could ever ask for. they hug me, feed me, take me to treatment and i absolutely adorn them. but it's not enough. and it's not their fault. i suffer from an incurable physical condition and it has gotten to the point where my suffering has outstripped my will to love. i have set a date. but i know it will break their hearts forever. i never ever intend for that to happen. i don't think i can forgive myself.	💔
all i can think about is cutting so i took my kids to six flags today and we just got home and all i can think about is taking a shower and cutting. i dk why! i had a great day besides being exhausted . i don't know what's wrong	😩
cutting and anti-depressant overdose + vodka would this kill me? not cutting my wrists, but cutting alongside the artery in my arm and overdosing? i wouldn't want to wake up worse off than before, as that would be pretty inconvenient for me. and there is no point in trying to stop me, just saying.	🖤
i want to kill myself.	😔
what to write to family and friends? i don't want them to think they had any part in what i'm going to do. my family and i aren't close. they moved across the world ten years ago when i was 20 and haven't visited or anything. i have no close family or super close friends except people i've met online. every day i just feel so much loneliness it's unbearable. i went from being engaged to absolutely nothing, no career nothing and its been nothing but crushing loneliness in my life for four years. i would have done it years ago if it wasn't for my two lovely dogs who i adore with all my heart. it hurts me so badly to think what will happen to them but i just can't do this anymore.	😔
stress and loneliness are dragging me down againafter 29 years of being a shut in, sometimes having social anxiety so bad that i couldn't step out my house or go near the windows, mental health so bad that i couldn't work or finish school, i decided to go back to school. i'm dependent on a longtime so and it makes me feel awful. there have been elements of abuse in the past and i dont think i can fully trust anyone, so i have to do this or die or get a high paying job without a degree or hurting my back(i have a terrible back and neurological problems) i'll be left with something like stripping, or just suicide. at this point, classes are getting more intense, i'm already behind in an online class that posted no deadlines, because i'm prioritizing a class in which i work around 30 hours/week to keep my quality high(i'm aiming for a's and this class is supposedly graded harshly-so far i have a's and 1 b on something i worked on for just 10 hours). anyway, so i am behind in my online classes now, trying to make time to catch up, but seems impossible. my other in person class doesn't take as much time, i have a 4 hour studio and homework takes me maybe 1-5 hours usually. i have trouble managing time because i hardly see my so, so when we do see each other, we stay up late and just play games. we havent had any intimacy in about a month, and otherwise it's like a 1-2x/month thing. he doesn't help me with the chores unless i ask a bunch of times even though i made a chore chart for us both to look at,on the fridge. if i talk to him he changes the topic or recites some meme. he kisses me maybe twice a day and is otherwise glued to his phone watching youtube videos- he quit video games as they were time consuming but just switched to videos instead. he's so addicted to his phone that he got his by a bus last year, while i was passenger. he's usually on his phone while driving and there's nothing i can do. i dont drive because of my anxiety, and i dont have a working car. i am very stressed right now and feel totally alone. i literally dont have time to see a therapist. i dont even have time to see my doctors for checkups. all i do is work, at school,homework,and at home. i am painfully shy and awkward and have no friends. i've joined a few clubs to make friends but it seems impossible; people try to befriend me it seems, and i just don't know how to interact. i had an amazing conversation with another top performer in my class with the difficult work and anticipated becoming friends- she tries, but i dont know how to reciprocate and i can tell that i make things uncomfortable because i react as if we never started forming a friendship, if that makes sense. in my other class there is one kid who has tried to befriend me. he has autism and comes across pretty brash. i try to remind myself that he has a condition and to not take things personally, but sometimes i can't help it and i feel terrible and other times he is just too close and i feel awkward. i think he seems genuinely friendly and most of the time i dont mind him, but i guess i'm just under so much stress at this point that everything is getting to me. the whole class is also pretty distracting, which again, is usually bearable but the stress is wearing me out and there's 0 things i can do to relieve it. yesterday i got a grade back from a quiz and just a friendly note to try to speak up more during critique(i'm a design student, so this is an art class). i made a mental note to make sure to speak up during critique last night, and then i panicked. first i panicked because i wanted to be done my painting beforehand- i hadn't planned properly and am always the slow one in everything, so i kept messing up and didn't finish in time. it seemed i was one of 2 others who hadn't finished so that made me feel a little better. critique came and the aforementioned kid stood next to me as he always does, uncomfortably close, and then in front of me and i couldn't see the paintings. panic increased and i didn't want to be rude so i didn't say anything. i planned for what shouldve been my painting for critique and was called out of order and further panicked. i have a disorder that causes dissociation under stress and i have social anxiety. so when i panic, my mind goes blank. this happened a few days ago; my dog is unfortunately aggressive with 1 dog in my neighborhood. she is a strong dog and fortunately until this point, it had only been my bf who had experienced this. she lunged at the dog and i wasnt strong enough to pull her back, i panicked,mind went blank, and i just stood there. in my mind, the only thing i could think was like, the idea or feeling of alarm, but i couldn't speak or move. the neighbor didn't seem to mind and gave the dogs treats, but i felt so terrible. i don't know how to fix this. during the critique, my mind was blank and i didn't know what to say. i absorbed things others had said, but my mind flushed them out when i tried to speak. speaking and thinking at the same time is difficult for me. i guess i'm just stupid. i usually think for a long time before i speak, and i can think and write, but i dont know how to think+speak quickly or at once. i just felt like crying and couldn't wait to just pack up and start on my drawing assignment(until i realized i'd forgotten my most important supplies). i grew up with abusive parents. my dad was pretty absent, working a lot, but when he was home he was a complete ass. he would constantly provoke me. my older brother harshly picked on me. my mom did the most damage, somehow. i grew up thinking she was "good cop", she taught me to think that. she could do no wrong, she was perfect, she was always right. if she was upset with me, even if seemingly unreasonable, i did mental gymnastics with myself to justify it. example: i didn't intervene in her argument with my dad over finances which 6 year old me didn't understand? i'm a bad person who doesn't love mom. moms in the bathroom the 8th time this week with razor blades? i'd be her psychiatrist and beg her to come out,reason with her why she should. eventually i realized i didn't have to say anything. eventually still, i realized that i could probably leave because she would just come out soon anyway. i did once, around 6 or 7 and i guess she talked and i didn't respond, so she came literally running after me, cornered me, and yelled down at me for not loving her. i have an eating disorder? i'm "evil", i'm a "dirty slut" even though i'm not allowed out of the house- this must be because of how i look or something i've done- am i that person? mom says so, so i guess so. as a young child, i was mostly raised by my grandparents nextdoor and would sleep over at their house often. i'd cry myself to sleep every night because i thought my mom was mad at me. every day, i'd be to blame for something. once, i even got blamed for my dad losing $100. i don't even know why. my mom yelled from up at our back door to down at the yard at me, with the neighborhood kids all outside, telling me i'd better bring the $100 back right now. so then my friends assumed i was a thief(cause a 9 y/o who can't drive and never goes anywhere has a reason for money is definitely wont get caught with random money at some point ). at some point, around 9, i started self harming because i didn't understand what i had apparently done. i was upset for always being such an apparent major cause of my mother's pain- the person i did love most in the world no matter what she thought. my parents destroyed my education as an ongoing argument for the funsies i guess. i planned to graduate at 15 or 16 and gtfo. i was physically bullied at school to the point of having my arms near broken every day. i begged to be homeschooled- my plan was to be able to focus on my schooling without bullies and graduate early to get away from my family. i was in 2nd grade my first year homeschooling and skipped up to grade 5 work in everything but math, which i got up to maybe grade 3 which was equivalent to my current grade in public school work. my parents would argue about public and homeschooling and switch me back and forth at least once a school semester. so i'd be in public school in august for a few months, then homeschooled. obviously this ruined my extra work i'd done and i became discouraged. in 7th grade, i began having a lot of trouble with math. my mom refused to help me, saying i had learning disability and just couldn't learn so to not do it(and then help my lovely, psychotic step sister instead). she'd do this to me at public school too, and i'd often go in humiliated having to explain that i couldn't finish my homework. at one point, i wasn't allowed outside(my grandparents had moved in) and due to that and all the stress, i embraced being reclusive. i told myself i wanted to be that way and whenever people would think it was odd, my mom would huff back at them before i could speak, saying that not everyone has to have friends. and now i'm this. i got older, decided that i wanted to try being social, so i'd say yes to every single opportunity. every one. that was a terrible idea and i ended up being abused by a few predatory opportunists, which in turn caused me major anxiety, more than ever before, and i became more reclusive than ever before. i havent held a stable job in a while. havent had friends since that time, about 10 years ago. i've been with my so, who has been abusive off and on. things were great for a few years until we moved out a few years ago, and now they've been very off and on. for a few years again, things have been pretty good as far as that goes, but obviously not having time and not feeling effort from the other person feels shitty too. a couple years ago i found myself in a terrible situation with him and decided my options were prostitution, stripping, drugs, or suicide. i mass applied to jobs but when i'd receive a response, i was never qualified for anything but retail which i've had bad experiences with and it doesn't pay enough. i stopped eating, became an alcoholic with the little funds i had, and attempted suicide somewhere near 3 times a week on average for a few months straight. i almost succeeded once and then my bf unexpectedly came home early and i was sent to the hospital. things didn't get better when i got out, i threw away my antidepressants since my feelings felt inappropriate in relation to my thoughts and situation, and resumed weekly attempts. otherwise i'd just lie in bed and try not to get up for fear of killing myself. 2017 and 2018 sucked. last year got a little better and by the end of the year i decided to go back to school. i decided rather abruptly and didn't have time to seek diagnosis for learning disabilities, which i think i obviously have. i have a diagnosis of anxiety disorders and recurrent major depressive disorder but i've assumed i wouldn't receive any accommodations for those because.. what can be done? instead i've tried plowing through my feelings and intentionally making myself uncomfortable by joining clubs and going to campus in person, but i'm not adjusting as quickly as i'd hoped. and in the real world, i will have to talk, i will have to have social skills. no one cares about you in the real world. i'm old and have already exposed myself to that in the many job fields i've attempted, so i'm aware. i just feel like i'm a failure. and now i'm overloading myself and i dont want to back down, but idk how to deal with everything and get no help, and have nothing outside of school and working at home. i need a good balance, but i have literally no way of making that happen. i'm in a club that meets once a week, the paper which is 1x a month, and now a new club that no one showed up for, so i became club leader. this will force me into social situations, and i hope that i can do it. in my head i'm telling myself to just do it, so i try, and i talk, and garbage comes out. and i'm older than everyone else, so it's awkward. i'm not supposed to be so immature and stupid by social standards. i feel like i'm just not going to make it. i have straight a's but i feel like i don't deserve them. my art never looks good to me even after spending hours working. i need to make this work but i dont know how. i dont know how to change who i've been for 29 years, in an instant, but i desperately want to. i want to be different, i dont want to be who i am anymore. in the meantime, i'm trying to squeeze in time with my so and getting very little sleep. most of it is just time in the same room not even interacting or talking or anything and i feel really void of any affection and social interaction right now, as well as anything fun. i used to walk every day- it's something that lessens the frequency of nerve pain and i dont even have time for that. the weather has been shit anyway. i dont find gaming fun, i don't like to sit, but that's all i'm doing. i'm exhausted. i dont even know what i'm getting at anymore with this. i'm just frustrated with life. everything is dull,i'm over stressed,lonely, and i honestly just hate myself. everything about myself is awful, i really hate who i am. i became really sick in the first few weeks of school and have had bronchitis for about 3-4 weeks. it's getting better but i feel like that happening really fucked a lot up for me since i had no energy. i dont know how to manage everything or how to socialize. i feel like i should just kill myself but i dont know how to even do it properly in a way that wont be totally awful. i'm looking to get away from pain and if the last minutes of my life could at least be peaceful that would be, well, ideal. i really wish assisted suicide for chronically suicidal people was a thing sometimes.	🙄
just my nightly "i want to die" thread i even had a good day today. i got to be alone for hours and hours. i swam. i was semi-productive. but the whole time, my mind cant stop thinking about dying	🙃
today's the day and i feel.. relieved. i have everything ready and i'm ready to cease to exist. there's nothing particular special about the day or the time or the way i'm doing it. it's just the easiest & most convenient. everyday of my life has been nothing but struggle, the small little pleasures in life just really aren't worth the pain that comes with life. i have my social media post ready, i'll post it a few minutes before. i'll call my ex, tell her what's up, say my goodbye. nobody should be shocked by this. and yet, today has been the happiest day in a long time. i woke up this morning, feeling fresh and thought to myself "huh, that was the last night i'll sleep in that bed." and i smiled. i look around my classroom. it's the last time i'll have to be in here. i'll be there 3rd student this year to do it. i was friends with the others but not too close. their last days, although i didn't know it at the time, they seemed distressed and overall just terrible. but me? nah, i'm relieved i'm finally doing what i want to do. my only wish was that i could tell people without fear of being stopped. i could spend a personal day with each of my friends, so that they could have closure and understand. things would be much easier for everyone if people just understood that sometimes people just don't like life. it's not that life isn't any amazing experience, it's just not the experience that i want. today's a good day, friends. i'm finally mentally ready for what i've been after for so long.	😊
goodbye, worldgoodbye i hope my soul will be happier whatever it is that comes after this im sorry to eevryone whos been hurt by my existence , im sorry to my own body, im sorry to myself	❤️
i don't know what else to doi don't even know what i'm doing here. i just dont have anyone else in my life i can talk to. my parents have always brushed off and minimized mental illness, saying i was exaggerating. we've never gotten along, and i couldn't stand living with them. they would just scream at me and scream at me, and if i tried to go lock myself in the room, they'd beat on the door and scream through it. if i tried to walk away to a friends house they would threaten the police. anyone i've ever opened up to has disappeared. i hardly talk to my best friend anymore because hes so fucked up in the head too. i've wanted to not exist since i was eight years old. i'd come home from school and have multiple hour breakdowns because i've never felt like i fit in anywhere. i've always had people to talk to, but i've hardly ever had someone i consider a real friend. every time i got close to anyone, my family would move states and i had to start over. nobody has ever been in my life more than a handful of years. i've always been a strong kid, i really have. but i've been living in this hell for almost a decade. but these past few years everything has gone south. my parents forced me to get an expensive car when i was 16, paying for it all myself. over $550 a month, they didn't do shit to help me. i wanted to buy a car outright with the couple grand i had saved up, but they had other plans. instead i used $2000 as a down payment because i wasn't allowed to purchase anything without a warranty. so now i was 20,500 in debt in high school. i had started smoking cannabis to help clear my head. oh man, you have no idea how much of a relief it is to not have thoughts of suicide invading my thoughts every waking moment of my life. but with school and being 16, i legally couldn't work enough to pay for the car and other expenses. so i turned to selling cannabis. i made enough to get food and pay for my car now, maybe go to the movies every now and again. but that's not me. i used to be a good kid, i never thought i'd turn to selling drugs. i cant help but resent my parents for what they turned me into. when i was 18 i moved out, into a my best friends trailer with his father and girlfriend. if i stayed with my parents i wouldnt be writing this now, i would have done it already. so now i had to pay for that bullshit car, and pay rent, and pay for food, and pay for my animals, and pay for everything else i needed. i couldn't sell my car because i was hit twice, once by a texter, another by a drunk driver. it was worth 6 grand less than i owed on the loan. when i was finally able to get rid of it, i got an old piece of shit suv for free, no a/c, windows dont work all the time, holes in the seats, rust all over, locks dont work, etc. i pay 3x as much in gas. i dont want to go to jail, so now that i am an adult i chose to stop pushing weight and just work legally. so i was working 80+ hours a week. i couldn't do it, i was so close to ending it working so much. so i kicked it back to 60 hours, and one of my jobs doubled my workload and asked me to clean biohazard without proper equipment. i quit, i'm not getting diseases from cleaning up shit without protection for minimum wage. so now i work 2 days a week at another job, and do craiglist work when i can find it. what little money i had saved up is gone. i refuse to turn to selling drugs again. and in this small town, i've applied at every business within 20 miles. i've gotten interviews, but that's it. i have no useful skills to get a real job other than retail. i have no way to go to college. i have no way to get an apprenticeship because they're all so far away, i'd hit empty before i got to work on the first day. i have nothing anymore. i used to have good days. i used to be able to talk to people without it draining me. food used to taste good. i used to be able to sleep soundly at night. i tried going in to get medication, but i'm so scared to take it. i'm so close to killing myself and i dont want the medication to put me over the edge. i cant afford the gas to get to a reputable psychiatrist, nor can i afford the copayment. i'm in debt with no way to pay it back. i cant even afford food for my animals this week i've never seen a future for myself past 30, but recently i dont even see next week. i'm sorry. if you read this far, you've done more for me than anyone else in my life has. i'm so sorry for this jumbled mess, i pulled into a parking lot and i've been crying this whole time. i left so much out but i just cant think straight. i'm sorry.	😭
looking for an escape i'm fucking tired of waking up everyday. living my pathetic life (because of me) and living through this fucking societies cycle. my life is a joke and a mess that i don't even have the motivation or willpower to fix. i realize i'm trash and don't deserve a functioning body and the opportunities i have. the only thing stopping me from ending this shit is my little brother. i don't want to traumatize him or grow up knowing his brother let his problems and sadness kill him. i just wish i my mind could function like everyone else's	🙃
help... im 15 yrs old... and i suffer from really bad depression.. ive been in and out of mental hospitals for the last few months because of self harm.. and they have put me on meds but nothing works... death is constantly on my mind... i feel so alone in this world.. i have no one.. no one understands me... my girlfriend left me after she promised she wouldn't.. and it all just hurts so bad.. she was on my mind constantly.. everyday.. ig she thought i was crazy because i adored her so much... my parents think im insane.. everyone thinks i cut myself and take pills for attention when in reality its a call for help... i just need someone... my exs instagram is @saylor_langley if anyone would try to talk to her for me... she has me blocked... my instagram is @waid.ig im deleting the app after this comment.. someone please help... thank -parker	❤️
crappy birthday to me...so my birthday is almost over, it was supposed to help me forget the bullshit ive been going through lately but so far ive been cheated on, i crashed my car and im getting evicted... not to mention that i don't even have any money to go out to the bar and have a fucking drink with because the cheating bitch stole it. i just want a hug	😢
when you're hurt by those who are meant to help.i've been struggling with depression while pregnant. it's not new, it just flared up. so i've been reaching out and ultimately presented to the emergency department with suicidal thoughts two days ago after trying to crash my car and stab myself over a couple weeks. they sent me home with a referral to a psychiatrist at the community mental health centre. i was told it would be for a medication review, but about 10 minutes in it was clear he was fixated on my pregnancy and he spent 20 minutes or so insisting the best thing would be to terminate. he pushed for the termination with really mean wording; saying things like your child deserves better than having you as a mother. in the last 5 minutes or so he said if i was determined to try being a parent there might be support for that, but didn't elaborate on it and said even with it i'd just be hoping to one day reach "good enough". i was already filled with so much doubt, guilt and self-loathing that i wanted to die... someone who was meant to help me with that piled more crap on top of it instead and now i don't where i'm meant to turn if the urge to hurt myself comes again. oh and the doctors love emphasising friend networks to me and i keep saying i don't bother anymore because there's no receciprocity. but they insist. so i thought i'd ask a "friend" who leant on me a bit for mental health, career and personal reasons for support. i told them i'd been to the ed for suicidal thoughts and they replied with " ". seriously, that was it. i fucking hate people. that's all. now... i don't know. i'm just waiting to see what happens next...	👍
i'm done it's over for me, i can't keep going like this my bpd has done enough damage in two years to last a lifetime. i'm giving up and i just need this space so that eventually they can find this post to show to my little girl. i'm sorry i couldn't be the mama you needed, i'm sorry i can't be there for your first birthday or any after that, your first christmas, halloween. i'm going to miss them all and i promise you it's for the best. i can't keep a stable relationship with anyone baby, i'm too scared i'm going to end up hurting you as well. you have brought me nothing but happiness up until today, i can barely look at you because all i see is your dad. i love you so much my sweet, sweet girl and i know your going to go on to do great things with your life. whether you become a doctor or a retail worker i'm always going to be so so proud of you. i tried to work through this i really did, but every night i get the same thought, i'm just waiting until wednesday, your dads taking you and then i'll be free to do it. i couldn't do it around you, i wouldn't feel right. to think that 5 months ago i thought i would never feel this way again is completely hilarious, i thought becoming your mama would be the thing to change my mindset and turn me into a better person but it hasn't at all. i loved you since the day i found out i was pregnant and i'm never going to stop loving you. always remember that baby girl, mama loves you with all her heart. your dad is a good father, but he's not a good person. at the end of the day he could have prevented this but he chose not to. he loves you very much though i know it or i wouldn't be letting him get custody over you when i'm gone. he knows this is going to happen, he just doesn't know when. you have been the best part of my life in the 5 months i've been able to hold you and kiss you, you made me realize that there's atleast one person on this planet who really does love me unconditionally. my bpd is getting the better of me though. i hope that you don't inherit any of my problems, that's not the life i want for you but if you do, just know that you can get through them, with the right help and support. i love you so much my little girl forever and always if i think of more to say then i'll just edit the post, but this is it my goodbye.	❤️
tonight might be the night :( my ex gf has officially given up on me... i've been actively trying to work things out with her, and i'm pretty sure she was being legit until i kept fucking up things with her. she unfriended me on my bday today	💔
this thread is worthless what the fuck is the point of reaching out. it's like no one actually gives a shit. vague generic platitudes are the best anyone can offer. i'm tired of trying my best and somehow choosing the worst possible option every time. figures considering i tested out of high school and pursued music. right . like anyone wants to hear that shit.	🙄
thanks to everyone on here that's tried to stop me from doing it. even if i do follow through today, i just want you guys to know i appreciated the effort.	❤️
suicidal thoughts: jumping off a cliff. i just want to die. to end the pain, the pain of agony i can't take it anymore. 24 & life sucks, and i can't deal with it anymore. pretending to be happy. just started taking prozac today. i'm trying to hold myself together but i can't, i'm miserable.	😩
when you got nothing to lose,that's when you're the strongest! dedicate yourself into what your heart wants now that you have lost everything....remember you are living and fighting for what your heart wants... not for 7billion different opinions !	🖤
maybe i'm just trippin right now, but i feel kinda good when i stay up late, and when i think about going to sleep i would rather die	🤔
nobody else can stand me..and i don't know how much longer i can either...	😢
16 year old drug addict seriously don't know if i can do this anymore. been on oxycodone for months and have a 80 mg a day habit. i have severe anxiety and was using xanax heavily and got clean and was so proud. i can't believe i fucked it up. my grandma died recently and i found a bottle of norco 10s and that's when it started.i'm running out of money for obvious reasons. living on the edge of death everyday has really fucked with my head and i'm just ready for it. in school i used to be a funny social person but now i'm withdrawn. the only friend i opened up to immediately called me a druggie. i just don't know if there's any coming back. i'm heart broken, hopeless and headed nowhere. i know i'm gonna die if i do nothing so god grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference.	❤️
i will be dead in november...my plan is to walk into the sea, why november? because it'll be cold enough to kill me then. i'm so far from done there's nothing going to stop me i've been waiting for such a long time...	😔
i will never understand you totally and you will never understand me too but...(serious post) i feel so done. i swear with all my heart i would love to found someone that can relate what i went through and with the same desire of just die together after so many longs deeps talks and weird experiences. to die in a special place and way. it's like a dream for me, to end this life at least togheter with someone, while crying in happy tears. please don't write "don't do it you will be loved ecc". it's just reality, i am sure it would be the best thing for me. i hope i will find you and i hope this post will be not deleted	❤️
am i worthyi feel like that im not wanted or have the motivation to do stuff i like to do anymore i feel worthless and don't know why	😔
i wish i don't have to go through the whole death and funeral crapwish i can just go "yep peace out " and nopes myself out of existence	✌️
life isnt for me ...i am just tired of life. everyone hates me, i'm good for nothing, all i do is wrong. i have no hope of anything. this world is lost, is just a torture being so miserable. . theres nothing for me here. i dont have the courage to take my own life, i fear god in condeming me then to leave this hell to go to another. i dont have anything, or no-one. im alone, cant keep friends, i keep my familly away im just i dont know... just feel like i dont belong.	😔
[deleted]	🖤
a rant, a cry, who knows - goodbye x the world can be a lonely place. as beautiful as it is, and as much as i try and appreciate it on my own, it's not the same. i've been stuck in this mind loop for weeks - no months now, i cannot stop thinking about you. i spent years trying to mask the way i felt, and force myself to feel differently but i can't. i'm wasting days looking at my phone hoping you've replied at some point. but you normally haven't you've taught me things these last 3 months that changed my life. i just don't know how to use them or what to do with it now. ive realised that the mistakes i've made have made my life this way but because of this i no longer have nothing to lose, my daughter hates me and doesn't want to know me - through my actions. you (her mother) wants me to stay out of your lives - i understand. so my life is currently me going to work, thinking about you both all day until i finish work, then coming home and thinking about you some more. so like this week i think i'll book some time off as i can't concentrate in work and all i've done is look at my phone and think about you. but after months of thinking, contemplating and deciding, i've ruined your lives enough. i can't do any more damage once i'm not here. please tell s i'm sorry, she deserved so much more. but as beautiful as this world is - my world is you two, if i cant have you two in it, or even just s, then i don't want to be a part of it. father's out there, if any if you read this, never and i mean never walk out of your childs life, it might seem the best choice at the time but it will haunt you, it will come back for you, and only you can decide if you can live with that - and i've decided i cannot. forever is a long time...... good night x	😞
struggling.. 25 year old guy from the netherlands here..woman of my life broke up with me 1 yr ago after a 6 yr relationship, i'm still feeling awful, desperate.. i have an amazing family/job that support me but i don't feel like living anymore.. i'm not sure if this is the right place to share, but let's get if it a go	😊
the pain never endsit's been 4 years since this sadness in me has started. i end every day by laying in bed alone thinking how lonely i am and how pointless my life is. it's a never ending pain that i just want to stop. i dont think it will go away ever.. crying dulls the pain but i cant even have that. i try to get the tears out but nothing will come. all these sleepless nights get so lonely. having no one to talk to is torture. music doesnt help any more. self harm is getting harder to hide. i'm alone. these scars on my body just remind me.. i'm stuck. not a day goes by without suicide on my mind. i'm to chicken to do it but i like to think that one day i'll do it. one day i'll be gone and leave this pain behind. one day... i wont be in pain anymore.. "shorty dont know i'm broken inside wanna be six feet under fuck being alive"-bad dream.	😞
i want to suicide myself but i'm sacred of painhello everyone, i'm french. i'm 31 and since my youngest age i think to be transparent for the other ones, i can't keep contact with each other, that's really hard for me. i hate my life and i hate everything about me, and i wouldn't not to be born. since this summer my girlfriend has changed her mind and i feel ignored by her. i have a children which is 6.5yo and i have no contact with him. everything i do ask me some efforts that i can't handle. every moment of the day i think of suicide, but i just want to not suffer anymore during the act. i won't miss to anyone, trust me that's true!!! i have no contact, and i'm fucking bored to live that live i don't have the strength to live it anymore so i'm thinking to cut my head under a train or something else. i feel so bad, i'm boreedddddddd...	😭
rock bottom i don't know why i'm writing this. i'm 26 i'm laying in the middle of my room with the curtains drawn. i don't know why i'm on the floor i just am. as i'm typing tears are running down the sides of my face. 6 pull bottles are on my right and a shitty rap i wrote is on my left with a pencil on top of it. the door is closed. my gf is at work and nobody is home. she will be home soon and i have to "buck up" just so i don't bring her any further down. i have on my favorite shirt today. i have a song from "mister rogers" stuck in my head. i'm so close to suicide nobody knows how close. the fan is on. it's blowing hot air. i've never done hard drugs but i suddenly have an interest. my cat is meowing at the door. he's black. he has green eyes. i keep hearing cars pass. i haven't brushed my teeth yet. the sun just came out again i can see it through the curtains. i don't know why i wrote this	😔
today i touched elbows with a girl. today i touch elbows with a girl in my class and we look at each other for a second, and believe me when i say that my suicidal thoughts were gone for half my day. anyways they have returned now.	😞
someone's herei feel like a terrible person. i'm awful. but i'm finding comfort in being there. as if i'm doing something good for once in my life. that i'm around others. so if someone needs to talk about their problems or even just chat with someone i'm here - sorry my reasons are selfish but i promise i care! take care of yourselves	❤️
fml, i'm done. i'm done living. i have gender dysphoria(mtf), i'll never be a female. i'm so lonely, hopeless, depressed. i really just wanna die. i don't know why i'm even writing this, no one cares anyways goodbye.	😭
i was dumped and now i feel hopelessi was just dumped by my girlfriend the other night, and i don't know what to do. "i can't really say i'm in love with you" is what she said. this just came out of nowhere and i feel like i can't breathe. just a couple of days ago i thought we were still madly in love, now i'm heartbroken. i just wish i knew what went wrong. i wish she would tell me that i did something wrong, tell me that i fucked up, tell me i had abhorrent personality traits, at least then i could make *some* sense of it. but she just said that she changed, and no longer felt the way she used to. she loves me but she's not *in love* with me anymore. how am i supposed to react to that? how can you say you love me on sunday, then no longer be capable of loving me on friday? she keeps insisting that i didn't do anything at all, that she wanted to feel it but couldn't; but how am i supposed to understand that? i'm just hurt and confused. she stopped by my house the other night to return some things i left in her apartment, one of my shirts she had (she kept the other one, and this one still smells like her ); and what really stings is that she returned the presents i gave her for valentines this year. i don't know what i'm gonna do. i spent all night crying, i feel empty, like my heart has been ripped out of my chest. it's like i'm trapped in a nightmare i can't wake up from. whenever i was with her all of my depression and anxiety just melted away. despite all the bullshit i deal with on a daily basis, i always felt alright, because i knew that no matter what happened i had her beside me, and she made everything alright. i honestly don't know how i'm gonna make it through the rest of the year. the worst part is how nonchalant she was. she seemed just so apathetic about it. our relationship was amazing, we've been through so many good times, and i was always there for her when she was going through rough times, and she was there for me. but when dumping me she was so casual though, like we had only been on three dates. we were together for a year, and she didn't even seem to care. she said she doesn't see us having a future together; i saw us potentially getting married one day, i definitely saw a future with her. and she used to see one with me, i just don't know what changed. i don't know how to deal with this. without her i just feel dead inside. just last week i was so happy, now i don't know how i'm gonna live without her. she was the best thing that ever happened to me, now i feel like my heart is shattered in a million pieces. she said she doesn't think she was the right girl for me, but we were perfect together. i don't think i could ever find anyone else as amazing as her. the only one i feel like i can turn to at this moment is my best friend. they try to be sympathetic, but they're more of a tough love kind of person, they tell me to put my dating profile back online right away, right now; but i'm a crying mess right now, and i don't feel ready to try to date again.	😢
shutting down.i honestly tried to write a deep story of my life and why i'm so fucked in the head like 3x but what's the point. i can't recall the last time i was genuinely happy and i don't think i'll get the feeling ever again. i tried to commit suicide before and failed. mostly due to being nervous and being on impulse. i've tried the whole "hold on to life, it'll get better" thing and it's been 9 years and i'm almost 25 and guess what? it hasn't. still unemployed, still degree-less, basically homeless sleeping at random homes of the junkie acquaintances i've made. i've come to terms with the fact that i'll never have a loving wife and kids. i've come to terms with leaving the small amount of people if any that'll mourn my death behind. i'm tired of this feeling. of being alone, of never being loved, of being worthless. knowing that when i breathe my last breath absolutely no one would give a single fuck. i honestly envy people who don't have to deal with waking up in the morning, crying, because they're still alive even though greater people than me have died while i'm here wasting away. it fucking sucks, id gladly trade my life in a heartbeat for someone more worthy but it doesn't work that way. it's selfish of me to take my life that was given to me by my parents but i didn't ask to be born. looking back my only regret is not doing it right the first time to save me from becoming even more empty than i am now. i do however have the perfect playlist, final meal and spot in which i'll take my life. where i can stare at the beautiful night sky, floating away while the drugs and alcohol finally take toll on me. it may sound scary or stupid or whatever but fully planning it out and not on a whim like the last time makes me feel super calm and ready to end this fucking suffering.	✌️
suicidal i've never posted on reddit after being a lurker on here for as long as i can remember. i'm completely done with my situation in life and i see nothing getting better anytime soon nor do i see a way out other than this. my mental health is deteriorating by the day and i feel as if i just want to sleep all the time. this could potentially be my last day here soon. if someone wants to talk that would be much appreciated. if not that's fine too. thanks everyone and i hope your life goes as well as mine	❤️
idk what to do i just want to diegrowing up i always told my mom something wasn't right... i knew everything i felt wasn't 'normal' fast forward to years later. i was raped by an ex, when i went to get tested for std's i was crying on the table, the doc told me i was just depressed (not the case, it's just i was being reminded of what happened) he put me on an antidepressant anyways. it made me feel horrible so i stopped taking it and instantly became suicidal (i didn't know you couldn't just stop those meds it wasn't explained to me) i ended up checking myself into a hospital because i was feeling extremely suicidal. there i was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. since then ive been in and out of the hospital. there was a 3 year stretch when life was good. i had a baby who was diagnosed with down syndrome and she gave me a purpose in life, she needed me.... when she started school though, things started going downhill again. and over the last six months, i've been obsessed with the idea of killing myself. i'm head over heals in love with the guy i'm seeing but i'm so afraid to get hurt. i can't imagine not having him in my life (i got close to him fast, then put up a wall to distance myself) but because i'm so afraid i'm having trouble letting him back to being close to me. he knows i struggle with suicidal thoughts... but i don't want to struggle anymore. i feel like it's not getting better and he's suffering from it... i just want him to be happy and i feel like i can't make him happy because i'm always depressed (also been diagnosed with depression and mood disorder recently) i really just want to end my life, but 1.) i don't want anyone getting hurt and 2.) i'm actually afraid that last minute i'll change my mind (which has happened before and made me feel like even more of a failure) if i had just done it everyone would have moved on by now and healed.... but instead everyone is stuck with me... i just want it over. i don't want to struggle with this. i hate my mind, i hate the way it works... i just want the pain to stop... suicide just seems like the quick and easy way, and i'm exhausted from this fight.... idk what to do... please... someone.. anyone. help!	😔
please help i don't know how much longer i have until i finally break. i'm losing my motivation and will to live. i've spoken to lots of people about my troubles and nothing helps. i've started to avoid my main supports, and it doesn't even seem like they've noticed. i'm alone, sad, frustrated, and i've had enough of it. i have no future and i barely have anything going on for me now. i abuse drugs just so i can laugh and be happy, but recently it just leaves me numb. i can't do anything that used to make me happy because my confidence is so low that i cry and get angry whenever i make a mistake. my friends are tired of me. my counsellor is tired of me. my therapist is tired of me. i'm really fucking tired of myself and i don't know what to do about it. i can't talk about any of my problems anymore because nobody wants to hear it anymore. i feel misunderstood by all my peers and i just want to feel normal. it feels like my only way out is suicide and i've thought about it so much i can't possibly imagine being alive in the next 5 years. the only reason i'm still here is because a teacher kept me hopeful and was a very important person to me, but unfortunately i want the best for him and i don't think i should be in his life. my last exam is tomorrow and i'm afraid i won't be able to make it through the summer because i only have one friend. after high school i'll be forgotten by everyone and nothing, including me, will matter. i don't want to die but i don't have any other choice. if you even bothered to read all this, thank you	❤️
im struggling - im sorry i don't know what to do. i feel so numb i feel so empty i don't know what to do. i don't want to be this miserable anymore. i've got so many promises with people, i don't want to let people down but i know i will	😭
16 year old drug addictseriously don't know if i can do this anymore. been on oxycodone for months and have a 80 mg a day habit. i have severe anxiety and was using xanax heavily and got clean and was so proud. i can't believe i fucked it up. my grandma died recently and i found a bottle of norco 10s and that's when it started.i'm running out of money for obvious reasons. living on the edge of death everyday has really fucked with my head and i'm just ready for it. in school i used to be a funny social person but now i'm withdrawn. the only friend i opened up to immediately called me a druggie. i just don't know if there's any coming back. i'm heart broken, hopeless and headed nowhere. i know i'm gonna die if i do nothing so god grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change, courage to change the things i can, and the wisdom to know the difference.	❤️
i hope you have a wonderful day today. if not feel free to comment why. otherwise keep enjoying it	👍
i feel like i should just end it the thing is the feeling comes and goes and i hate, i don't want to keep on going, this world is shitty, this full of bad shit, everyone single shit is raping others and killing and they get to walk away, people are fighting for love and not letting her/him choose, i'm just done with the world, the only thing that is helping me go on with my life is my dream, my dream to be someday become rich or just rich enough to help the poor	💔
i can't ever sleep. it's 5:35 am, i haven't been able to sleep one bit and i have to get up for work in fifteen minutes. the girl i love tried to text me and i just blocked her out and didn't reply because i know she doesn't love me. she doesn't reply fast to me, the responses are so dull and short sentences. fuck who would have known one of the worst feelings in the world could be you watching the spark go out with someone you adore. it's just getting worse and worse as she makes up excuses each day as to why she can't see me but then she doesn't reply and leaves to do other things.. i'm devastated.. this girl has my heart and soul. but i only have her when she wants me... i'm tired of living.	💔
fuck everyone & everything. but i'm sorry. wasn't always been this way. i was cheerful before lived a good life and happiness and joy. now i lay in bed dreaming of the day i would like to kill myself. it's so morbid that killing myself actually helps me sleep. i don't think i can fix my life anymore and i fucking hate myself. i just want to rng die. i drove up mt. ubhunum the other day and had the urge to drive off a cliff. i fucking get anxiety ordering fast food. fuck depression can't live my life anymore sh*t. anti-depressants do shit. nothing. thanks for the memories. either i wander this earth for another 25+ years or fucking die. endless cycled loop i cannot escape. i lived a good life i guess. but i already died a million times before i wake up. nothing brings me happiness anymore.	😭
i used to make myself hang on for things like tv shows, but at this point i don't even care about any of it.my favourite tv show is preacher. i connect to the characters, i rewatch episodes constantly, i write fanfiction about the characters, and i always say that i am as good as dead when the show is on hiatus. it currently is on hiatus, but dear god i couldn't care less about the new season. i just want to be gone so i can stop invading people's lives and ruining everything. this dumb, garbage show isn't worth sticking around for. sorry for venting. have a great weekend, everyone.	❤️
rational suicide everyone has it rough sometimes, there's good & bad in everything, not a emotionally charged reaction etc.. at the end of the day i'm a broken person, i think everyone is to some extent but i've tried the mental health system, been through the family help until they don't even reply to your texts, different perspectives to change the way i view these issues & it hasn't helped. possibly poor parenting strategies on my parents behalf that messed me up, but ultimately i'm sure it's a culmination of everything good & bad that lead me to here. i've contemplated suicide on/off for 10 years now? wow happy anniversary me, and can say it doesn't get better unless you fucking try. and try i did, i can see a small improvement in where i was 10 years ago but progress is extremely slow & i am out on my ass out of funds & favours to beg for now so now's as good a time as any. i also feel content in that i got the opportunity to have a understanding relationship, so so many chances to get my shit together but really owe my supportive family & friends. thinking a pipe on the exhaust into the window? cheers for any advice or tips	👍
depression...what do i do if my mom is unreasonable hateful or annoying and fricking has no reason to love me anymore	😔
when cdiff makes you want to die. i have no more energy.... i've been fighting cdiff for 7 months and just relapsed again.... i feel like giving up on my life. i feel like getting struck by a train.... this is torture. i don't know if i will ever be normal... next step is a fmt procedure which i'm all for but i feel like i'll never be me again and don't want to keep fighting.	😭
if you think your crazy or a psycho hmu anyone here who thinks they're crazy, psychotic, or is suicidal hmu so we can chat. fuck everyone who doesn't understand you or me. fuck them in the ass if they don't understand .	😂
i'm sorry? am i the fucking crazy one? [meta] so let me get something straight ; does posting on this sub mean you expect people to randomly message you and harass you? because my posts here have now caused people to start messaging me privately and expecting me to share my woes. like buddy, if i'm gonna kill my self you're not gonna be the thing that stops me. jesus fuck. i don't post here for sympathy my guy i post because i'm clearly depressed and i can't afford a therapist just like the rest of the fucks on here if i didn't wanna die before, i sure want to now!!	😂
the pain never ends.it's been 4 years since this sadness in me has started. i end every day by laying in bed alone thinking how lonely i am and how pointless my life is. it's a never ending pain that i just want to stop. i dont think it will go away ever.. crying dulls the pain but i cant even have that. i try to get the tears out but nothing will come. all these sleepless nights get so lonely. having no one to talk to is torture. music doesnt help any more. self harm is getting harder to hide. i'm alone. these scars on my body just remind me.. i'm stuck. not a day goes by without suicide on my mind. i'm to chicken to do it but i like to think that one day i'll do it. one day i'll be gone and leave this pain behind. one day... i wont be in pain anymore.. "shorty dont know i'm broken inside wanna be six feet under fuck being alive"-bad dream.	😞
i want to kill myself so bad. f14 i think i'm going to do it. after my mums friends sons funeral (he killed himself), i'm attending because my mum wants me to be there to support her. i don't want to leave her behind in this world but i feel as if she'll be better without me. i don't want to leave my dad either. he has been through so much and lost a sister to suicide. but i have no choice. i'm so hurt and just want to die my mum has a boyfriend that cares about her, she barely pays attention to me. she hasn't noticed that i cut myself every night. she hasn't noticed that i only wear long sleeves, she hasn't realised that i'm sad all the time. i'm sure she won't notice when i die. my dad on the other hand, he lives by himself. he does drugs, smokes weed, cigarettes, has bipolar. i don't want to leave him. i don't know what to do. i'm stuck	😭
"would you rather live as a monster, or die a good man?" this quote from "shutter island" has really stuck with me ever since the first time that i saw the movie, now, after being accused of a henious crime that i didn't commit, it's taken on an entirely new meaning. im a good person, but ill admit im a coward. i wouldn't survive in prison, especially if i was an accused sex offender, but i wouldnt want to go on with my life even if i did as all those i care about would think that im a monster. im buddhist, but don't believe in reincarnation in the way that most people think buddhists do. i dont believe that there is a "soul" that transfers over to another vessel after death. the concept of the soul arose as a solution to protect the ego, as problem solving machines (which humans are) we regard death as "the ultimate problem" which is why the concept of the afterlife is a thing. it's a solution to that problem. i have now narrowed down my problem to two solutions. im an organ donor, so i can either go to the hospital with a note tied around me saying that i would like my organs donated and shoot myself, or i can go into the woods and try to live as a hermit for the rest of my days and read and meditate in the time im not scavenging for food. if caught, do the prior option, although i dont know if my organs would be in good shape for donating by that time. neither one sounds very appealing in all honesty, but these are my two choices. advice is appreciated. and no, im not gonna hope and pray for a miracle to happen for my exoneration, because it wont come. i really am just trying to get the most logical solution out of my predicament, not trying to let emotion cloud my judgement and asking advice for the most logical course of action. im a healthy 21 year old so my organs are in good shape	👍
last day :) so i've decided today is my last day, after 19 shitty years i'm fuckin ready. i know it sounds shady but i want to post it somewhere. and at least let someone know that won't try and stop me. but i had a really good day knowing that i won't exist tomorrow, not caring much like pre existsancr. i'm enjoying my last meal from my favorite restaurant and playing my favorite game. it's odd that i'm not sad at all, i've thought about it fit so long now. it's comforting. for those out there who are unsure, please keep going. there's nothing after this. peace	❤️
cuttingi haven't cut since november 2018, well tonight i was very emotional and winded up trying to cut again. i didn't even break skin .	😞
i'm just so miserable that it's honestly funny i totally feel so much like shit right now, ngl. it all makes sense now....i've been feeling this dormant pain inside of me every day i came to accept it, only to experience the pain becoming more severe and acute. but it's alright i can withstand it, i can take it all but do you honestly know what is it that i can't take anymore? being a disappointment to people who i do my best for, being a good for nothing even though i put in all my effort and might into everything i do, making people grow tired of me, making people wait even when i do all the work to be on time, making sacrifices for the people i love only to be taken for granted in return, trying my best to make them happy even if i'm not happy, putting so much effort and still be unnoticed.... what i don't comprehend is why do i get to feel this way even though all i do is trying to never do wrong for anyone or anything.... let's speak reality though, all of the above was caused by me. i have brought it all upon myself. i never blamed anyone nor i do blame anyone because this is one hundred percent me, my life and what's become of it. or it might just be my mental health speaking at this point i've got a side of me which has sever depression, anxiety, a self destructive trait, trauma and i don't even know what else do i have but yeah a damaged shitty mental health. whatever it is. all i know is that i need to die. i really wish that i was able to donate my life to someone who actually deserves living rather than being wasted on something like me, but that's just wishful thinking. so yeah after all we are all dying it's the natural process of life. it's just a matter of time being sooner or later. so me taking my leave earlier isn't a bad thing afterall :)	😂
see you all wherever we end up	❤️
need someone to talk to... i've been really stressed lately and thinking about suicide, i can't talk to anyone with this at school or at home.... so here i am i just need to talk to someone	😩
all i want is to escapehow do you escape life without committing suicide? someone please tell me. i can't cope with life or being myself anymore.	😢
i can't kill myself and yet i often want to. most people think i am a high functioning successful person. i'm not. i suffer deep within my own mind. i feel a lot of pain that i cannot escape. sometimes i wish it would end. i found out that i have bpd a few months ago... i try to look at it as hope that these feelings aren't me. but sometimes it makes me wonder if i'd be better in another life. i have a good job and what not. my own business. i'm smart. but i still want to die often. i work so hard to succeed and at the same time, i'm planning to escape. it's like i'm two people at once. i don't know what will come first, my "success" or my death? i get severe chest pain from anxiety and stress. sometimes i wish it would hurt more. i haven't killed myself bc i believe in karma, and well i guess the hurt i would create by taking my own life would release more negative energy. it would probably haunt me again later. why does that depress me more? there is no way out.	😞
no job, no friends, and family that sees me as a disappointment.i know these type of posts are seen all the time so i don't expect a lot of interaction with mine. i just need a place to vent since i really have no one else to go to. i've felt like a loner for years now but i'm at my absolute lowest at the moment. the one companion of mine that i had for almost 8 years, my dog, passed away last month. i always said i wouldn't kill myself as long as he was here with me and now that he's gone i see no other reason to keep going. i graduated from college this past december and haven't been able to land a job since. most days i just sit and play video games because i just get so angry at all the rejection from employers who say they're hiring for entry level but require 2+ years of experience. i don't have any skills. i tried to learn programming but honestly i'm just not very tech savy and i just don't have enough time to learn before my situation gets worse. i feel like i've let my family down, especially my grandma and mom who sacrificed so much to get me to college. killing myself would just be doing them a favor. at least i would no longer be a burden. the people i thought were my friends grew up and got lives and just abandoned me in the process. only things that seems to keep me somewhat happy are sex and alcohol. i don't see myself being the type of person to commit suicide by hanging or an overdose but honestly if the rampant sex with strangers won't kill me, the alcohol poisoning sure will.	🙃
wish i could travel to australia and then get myself consumed in the wildfires wouldn't it be a better option, right?	😔
need to help pleasei have published my story here from four months and these are : ..... my name is ahmad , i am from syria, 17 years old. and i live in egypt. my father died four years in the war. he was killed by terrorists. i live with my mother and my brothers. but i live in a lot of problems because of my homosexuality, i mean violence and beating because of my homosexuality. i am tired of this situation and tried to commit suicide a lot but i did not benefit from anything and i do not want to stay in this situation and i need help but i do not know what i need and i need help and do not know what to do .. the situation in egypt is very bad. i have been persecuted and ostracized by people and my family and have not accepted me and there are no organizations to help, because the law punishes homosexuals and denies homosexuality! please help me ..... i have been told a lot to go to the unhcr and asked for resettlement and i have already done so, but i am waiting for a resettlement interview. now the problems are increasingly starting with my older brothers and my mother can not do anything unfortunately. she is trying to protect me from them but it is unable to do so .. because the situation is serious .. i have followed with the organizations to help me but they are unable! my mother and i need to get out of the house and rent another house but i do not have the ability to do so please help someone	😞
i know i don't say it much but..i am glad i'm still here after my many suicide attempts..these last few years have been some of the hardest that i could ever go through. and i wasn't sure that i would ever accept the fact that i have a purpose. though, i am still finding that purpose, i know i won't stop breathing cause that happiness is out there somewhere, i just know it	😊
3-4 years of torture vs suicidecan apply to study in germany university for 3-4 years and get a part time job so i can pay rent and food. i would be studying and working hard everyday for 3-4 years but at the end i would be rich. or i can simply end it today and not even go through this hell. studying pros: will make me live a good life after 3-4 years studying cons: i will be suffering for 3-4 years. suicide pros: no more suffering, no more pain, no more depression, no more sadness, no more anxiety, escaping from this evil world. no need to suffer for 3-4 years. suicide cons: there is no cons. we will all die one day. dosen't matter if ur rich or poor rn. all of our heart will stop beating one day. nothing matters . only con will be leaving your family members or friends in sadness and misery . or regretting. i'll end it today	😊
end of the linetrying to re apply for ssi has been a nightmare. all i am is a burden on my partner and i'm thinking about overdosing on my pain pills tonight somewhere nobody can find me. i'm sorry i really don't have a future to live for.	😔
goodbye... lost everything... great world we live in.. unless your poor.. welp guess i have to go now. it was fun talking to you all, guess we have a hard time taking our own advice. hope i helped the few i gave words of wisdom too.. this has gone on long enough... sux how money controls our lives and so few have any. no kind words or pitty needed, i wont get it anyways. just wanted to say goodbye to someone. "broken, torn and battered, really my life never mattered". much love hope you all find happiness someday. i truly did fight this but some wars u just cant win. goodbye	😢
i'm traumatized by a dumb 'conversation' i had with my exi used to smoke wayyyyyyyyyy too much joints and cigarettes + eat fucking unhealthy for about 8 to 9 years. my parents died young, my dad abused and killed himself and i didn't pay attention to anything except chasing dopamine triggers. then i quit, gain a lot of weight (like 20kg) and become fucking healthy. however, i get convinced i will die soon after googling way too much about health risks of lung cancer. for example, i read: 1 joint = 20 cigarettes. i'd smoke like 5 to 10 joints per day. also, i read that cancer risk remains elevated forever. you'll never go back to a former smoker. then i start to get filled with regret. i hate myself so much. i keep dwelling on it all the time. eventually i become suicidal because i kept telling myself 'fool, fool, fool, fool, fool, loser, loser, loser, loser' and felt like my life is ruined. i also got diagnosed with ocd recently. that also explains why this situation is so fucked up for me. then i randomly contact my ex. it went like this: hey. you know sometimes i wonder what could have been. i've made many mistakes in my life and breaking up with you is one of them. i miss you. i hope you've forgiven me. can we please call? she replies: it's over. you were the worst dumper and i've improved a lot since then. i don't know what you want to talk about? grow up. get a grip. *blocks me* in a random impulse, i make a new account and say: 'fuck improving. i'm done with life. pointless bullshit. do you still want my cat?' she replies: i feel like you're just using your cat to blackmail me into talking with me. me: you're right, but why are you refusing to talk with me? is it some kind of revenge. she: no, no, not revenge, you're just being a dickhead! and sending me these negative texts? get a life! me: i just think it's too late :( she: nothing is too late, you're just living in your tragic mind. *blocks me* new account. me: you know what i used to do??? smoke like 5 spliffs, 10 cigarettes per day and only eat garbage!! she: so what? you were born healthy and wholesome so it was your choice to live in a dumphole. me: but that means i'm going to die!! she: stop sending me these that i don't deserve. *blocks me* new account, me: you don't get it! it's unbearable to live with having done this! she: no, no, no. you blaming, regretting, this and that. this is unbearable!! me: no it's so fucked up because i'll always have to worry about getting cancer!! when i realized my mistake i also got so much stress. she: just go to a therapist/doctor. that's all you need. stop contacting me. *blocks me* me, new account: *forgot what i said* she: ugh, you didn't change a bit and only went backwards. *blocks me again* me, new account: but i did change! i work out all the time and so on. she: *forgot what she said* me: i ruined everything!! and you even called me last summer to meet me, but of course i blow that too! and how i dumped you was so fucked up too! she: i can't stand listening to your whining. stop fucking contacting me. *blocks me* 2 days silence me, thinking to himself, hm, why did she tell me that i didn't change a bit, i should tell her i did change to take back those negative texts like 'fuck improving'... me: but i did change *name of ex* she: you'll never learn how to live your life. i will never reply again no matter how you provoke me. tragic, fickle, whiner, loser king!!! this is exactly the same irrational behavior at that gig at *festival* when you were arguing with random people! and forecasting that you're going to die? i don't fucking care!! if you wanted to talk you could have done it last summer, but you blew it. i will move on to someone/something much better. i don't have to feel any guilt because of how you dumped me. loser! ok, so i was already at my lowest, already convinced that i was living a failed life, already feeling extremely suicidal, already filled with self-hatred and this message ended me. i was constantly hearing in my head 'you'll never learn how to live your life' just repeating again and again and again and again. it was such an unbearable insult. completely wrecking my mental health. i was so fucking annoyed at her. i fucking felt guilty for dumping her for a whole year!!!!!!! i didn't talk with other girls at all!!!!!!! she's 8 years older and then you break my spirit at such a crucial moment in my life, what the fuck????? just tell me you don't want to talk and you will stop replying and i'd have left you alone instead of making me feel we could still make peace!!! and reminding me of that argument at that festival. how toxic is that shit?? bringing up some irrelevant thing from two years ago, being cryptic about it so i get triggered into responding because i've changed so much with working out all the time and then dumping a bunch of life-ruining, soulcrushing and spiritbreaking insults on me. i hate that i'll have to carry this with me for the rest of my life. what if my suspicions are true and i'll get cancer because of smoking and have to think about her insults on my deathbed? that conversation just kept repeating in my head all the time. also arguing at that festival was really fucked up of me and one of the worst things i've done in my life (elbowing someone in the back like 3 times and that person asked if i was doing it on purpose, my ex only saw that i was talking with her) so the guilt of having done that just destroyed me. i completely lost my mind. i started impulsively sending her messages to her linkedin 'i demand an apology!' 'dumping you was the best decision of my life!' 'gaijin-hunter!' (she's living in japan and only dates white guys)... i definitely said some extremely nasty stuff back to her too on her instagram. i'm not sure if she read that because i quickly deleted it again. like i was sooo angry at her so i just said that she looked like she had down's syndrome ( ) and deleted that within 1 minute because that's pathetic and not true, she was very attractive imo. i do remember once that i got blocked while i was saying something offensive. it really bugs me that i forgot what that was exactly. not sure if that crossed the line so she doesn't want to talk anymore. however: most of it was just explaining like, but fuuuuuck, i've turned my life around so much. i'd list all my accomplishments: graduated, working out 6 times per week, gained 20 kg in weight, healthy diet, quit smoking, full time job and so on. i just kept explaining and explaining and explaining. everyday just writing messages and deleting them again then sending something new again on her instagram dm. i got soooo disheartened by her 'you'll never learn how to live your life' and there was so much that i wanted to tell her like how i felt like dumping her was something i did because i was bad for her. and how it wasn't an attempt to get her back. how it just kept repeating in my head again and again her fucking annoying message. in the end she got rid of her instagram because she was so fed up with my shit. i kept lowering myself with every message. just kissing her feet all the time. never a reply. just crickets. ugh. this situation has really pointlessly ruined my life. i feel so pathetic now. feel like such an inferior person. i felt so suicidal because 'you'll never learn how to live your life' made me feel like 'you're nothing but a loser and whatever you try, you'll forever remain one'... we're like 7 months later now. finally i can live with it. i really wanted to make amends with my ex. just talk it out. have a good conversation. let me take back those negative texts that i didn't mean and provoked her into calling me a loser because i said 'fuck improving' and also i didn't give up, i was just feeling suicidal on that specific day. what a fucking emotional rollercoaster this was... just had to get this off my chest.	🙄
my best friend died today.she died instantly in a freak accident with an eighteen wheeler and slippery roads. they say it was painless for her, but for everyone else it's painful. it's the first time i'm dealing with the death of someone so close to me. she was the person you could talk to for hours about anything, and tell her anything without her judging. she was only 17. she was such a beautiful person, and i'm relapsing into depression and suicidal thoughts. i'm trying my hardest not to commit, but i'm starting to make plans and cut deeper and deeper. i loved her so much, and she was ripped out of everyone's lives too soon. i'll always love you savannah	❤️
life needs an abort mission button xdi was gonna make some long dumbass speech but none of it matters. it's all a big fucking joke. this life is a joke.	😊
i don't know what's wrong with menothing makes sense anymore. i have parents who want nothing to do with me, friends who don't give a shit about me, and a wife who doesn't understand me in the slightest. my heart is a black hole and for some reason nothing is ever enough and i'm never satisfied. there's too many people in my life who don't care about me for me to think its not my problem. i'm the common factor in all this and i just can't stop hurting. i'm loving and kind but it seems that it doesn't matter in the end. if i wasn't such a coward about it i'd be dead already instead of posting here. i've tried being strong but i just can't go on anymore. no matter what path i take i'm stuck. damned no matter what road i walk down. i never wanted this for my life and can't believe my life has come to this. the only solace from this living nightmare is in my dreams or death. i wish i could fall asleep in sweet bliss and never wake up even now i can't stop crying and nobody cares or knows how to talk to me. i suffer from being too smart and aware of too many things and it's killing me. i just can't go on anymore.	😢
i tried to hang myself yesterday + the story of my life. if i ever kill myself, here's why. i got the rope, i got it in a good spot, put my neck around it , and was about to kick the chair away. i couldn't do it. i rested my neck on it to see what it would feel like and i was so close to being unconscious. everything started hurting and i realised how much i need help. i realised what i'm doing is not normal, i need help. i don't know how to reach out to anyone growing up i had a rough childhood. my dad is a glue sniffer, weed, alcohol. he would abuse me a lot when i was 5 years old and when he used to live with us. i was young, but it traumatised me so much i still remember everything. he would throw me into my room and i'd hit the furniture. if hit the draw and all the books would fall onto me. i'd get bruises all over my body, i'd get winded, struggle to breathe. i was so young i didn't know what was happening. as i got older i started to put the puzzle pieces together. shortly after my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer and i was left with my dad at home for the time she was in the hospital. she survived, but my dad sent me to school in the same clothes from the previous days. he didn't care for me. he didn't give me any food, breakfast, tea. when we went to visit my mother i told her everything. she knew i was in the same clothes and she was disgusted with my dad for not looking after me. she got out maybe a few weeks after and they had a huge argument. they were outside by the shed, and being the curious child i was i went out to look. i stood by the door with her. my dad was arguing, my mother told him that she was sick of all his drugs. he picked up a piece of wood and threw it right at her head. i had to call the ambulance myself because he just left in his car. she was on the ground passed out, and i was freaking out. she was okay after a week, she had a massive bruise on her head though and it just really scared me. they got a divorce and i remember sitting in my room on my bed crying all night like it was my fault. years past and my dad doesn't live with us. i went to visit him and we sat down and had a long chat. he told me that he was bipolar, i was 10 years old when he told me this. i had no idea what that was at the time, but he told me that my cousin tina had it and so did he (never tina her sadly) she killed herself before i was born. he started talking to me about depression and how much he hated living. i felt so bad for him and we just sat on his couch and cried together. he told me how much he missed living with my mother and i. there was nothing i could do thought, i felt so bad and guilty. me and my dad have a pretty strong bond now. in 2017 i met a boy, the boy of my dreams i'd say. we met through my cousin sione. when my cousin introduced us he looked at me in a way that i will never forget. we could talk about anything for hours. we had just met and our convos were never boring. he always kept it going and he made me smile so much on that day. a year later and we had matured a lot! we got into a relationship. he was always there for me, sending me long paragraphs, gifting me with things. i opened up to him about everything and he was there for me. he held me and told me that he loved me. he didn't judge me at all. i'm from auckland new zealand so not everyone is rich here. he had seen struggles. we both had problems in our lives but we were there for each other. he was like my cure to everything. i was happy with him around. a year passes and we're still together in 2018. he got me a promise ring for my birthday, and it's real. he got a job, worked his ass off, just to buy me something special with his own money. i will never take it off. we never ever had our ups and downs. there would be days where we got mad a little tiny bit but only for dumb stupid things that we would get over straight away. august cane around. we were still together, going strong. on the 15th i found out that my bestfriend had ended her life. i went to school that day just thinking she was sick. turned out she skipped the day and waited for everyone to leave the house so she could do it. she went into the shed and hung herself. i got a called into the school office at 10am and they told me. i couldn't breathe. i was so shocked. leka (my boyfriend) was right outside the office sitting on the seat. waiting for me. he was there for me. her funeral was on the 18th and i had a panic attack after everyone left. i stopped breathing and was rushed to the hospital, and leka was there right by my side the whole way. december the 6th cane up and i got a call from my aunty. she told me that my cousin had hung herself and she was in life support. we weren't the closest but she was always there for me as a child. she was my go to person to hang out with and talk to. we only lost contact because she moved to australia to like with her mother. when my aunty called we were broke at the time. we couldn't even fly out to visit her in hospital. i just had a bad feeling, i wanted her to wake up. days past and nothing was working. they suggested taking her off life support and letting her be. her mother agreed that it would be best to let her go, so they did it. they pulled the plug and i couldn't be there for her. they pulled the plug on the 12th of december 2018. i couldn't even attend her funeral and that's what hurts me the most. i couldn't say my goodbyes. the goodbyes i never though i'd have to say this early on in her life. she was 12. 12 years old and already gone to suicide. i miss her like crazy. the only person that was by my side was leka and my parents (at times) christmas came up. i was still sad and depressed from everything happened. leka and i decided to have our families meet. we arranged a plan and got them all together.. they were so good to each other. his family is tongan, and my dad is tongan. my mum is samoan mixed with white. they were all happy together and it was a good christmas. never in my life had i enjoyed christmas, except for that one i will never forget. few days after christmas on the 29th leka told me he was going to the beach. he messaged me "good morning, if i'm not active together it's because i'm with family x i'll be back by 1pm" so at 3pm when i didn't get his text i decided to text him, no reply. i waited and waited but hours past and i thought maybe he lost his phone or something. then i get a call from his mother, expecting it the be him saying he lost his phone. i pick up to hear his mother crying her eyes out. struggling to get the words out. i asked her what was wrong and she told me that he's gone. i will never forget the way she said it. she had already lost a son early on in life. she told me that he got stuck in the wave and that his sister jumped in to try save him. they were both dragged out, but he pushed her away to save her. leka, my boy. you are a hero. i thought that the police and everything would just find him. but they didn't. days past and they didn't find him. they even gave up for a short period of time, they just gave up. i put my hands together, got on my knees and actually prayed to god. i really prayed. i prayed that our boy would return home and that we could lay him to rest in peace at least. after 11 days they found his body was washed up onto shore. it didn't look like him at all. his body was purple and all weird. but still beautiful. leka is mormon, so i thank god for bringing him home. i know that he is in gods arms. words can't explain how i feel. my life has just gone down hill. it's always been so bad, before double digits even. and that's not even the whole story. my school life is so shit. i left public school and started online because my anxiety is so bad. i feel like everyone talks shit about me and i just hate it there. my grades are so bad, my family is disappointed in me. i'm a disgrace to them all. i've been cutting my wrists badly , i can't even remember when i started. i think it was just a little muck around on my hand when i was 11. but that still counts, it left scars till this day. i think i need stitches for one of my cuts in my arm at the moment but i cannot tell my family about anything. i can't tell them that i've been self harming all these years. i have scars on my thighs, hand, and my left wrist. also my shoulder because i thought i'd just see what it was like to cut there. i'm a failure to everyone and i hate my life. (sorry if this story is all over the place, if i ever kill myself this is here to know why i did it)	😭
tired of it all first time i've come across a sub like this and i genuinely think it's the only place i can properly open up school is shit - for reference i'm in my gcse year and the pressure from my parents is retarded. there was a party last saturday and hey i'm not usually the type to go to parties, but i went anyone because it was one of my close friends'. i ended up making out with a girl who had a boyfriend - which lead to rumours going round that i had spiked her drink - this sucked. i think about it sometimes, but i don't think i'd ever have the balls to do it. just life is rough at the moment, but seeing how much everyone on here cares about each other is great	❤️
i've told myself i'm shit for so long that i can't believe anything else. everyone keeps telling me i'm so talented and all this, i literally cannot accept it. i know it seems like oh, yeah, must be bad to be receiving praise and shit but it's actually frightening. i'm not able to see myself as anything other than a waste, a burden. i mean, i'm in a field where there's a lot of pressure to be perfect, to be "on" (actor). it's like all i've been telling myself my entire life since i was i kid is that i'm nothing, i'm not special, i'm no one. so now people are saying otherwise, and i just hear lies. i think they are lying to me. somewhere deep down, part of me is all like "gee maybe i am special" but then it's like "if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is". thanks depression! pals for life!	✌️
there is help right? i want to be helped. as nobody knows even me, i am a self proclaimed narcissistist. people hate those so i hate myself too. i'm very prone to manipulate people and i since child those like in the cia and fbi caught my attention. what i'm looking nonetheless is to 1) end my existence without hurting anybody. 2) seek help and not hurt anybody. i've been hospitalized 2 times, anyway i only do this because i need hope that i can recover. i have adhd and autism and depression. today i did a good step and called to go to the psychiatrist. all i ask is to make peace with me. to not hurt. i just can't hurt people like i have been doing is not fair is not good. and i need the help. i'm affortunate i have parents that take care of me. please help	❤️
i just want it to stopim a 25 yr old female. i'm clinically depressed and have generalized anxiety. (diagnosed at 14) i was raped two years ago by a ex, i'm in crippling debt, and i have so much anxiety i can't work a proper job. i'm a opiate addict (it's the only thing that makes me happy) and i'm so unmotivated. i just want to die. i think about it everyday. i've tried all kinds of antidepressants. they don't help. i'm stressed out. i can't afford my bills and my car payment. my father just reminds me of how much of a disappointment i am everyday. he doesn't think depression is real . i honestly just feel like a waste of space. it's selfish of me to want to kill myself, but honestly i don't care anymore. i feel like people should be somewhat happy for me that i'm finally at peace and i don't have to suffer anymore. idk.. i'm so close to giving up. the only thing keeping me alive is my dog. i just want to die and make the pain stop.	🙄
the pain never ends it's been 4 years since this sadness in me has started. i end every day by laying in bed alone thinking how lonely i am and how pointless my life is. it's a never ending pain that i just want to stop. i dont think it will go away ever.. crying dulls the pain but i cant even have that. i try to get the tears out but nothing will come. all these sleepless nights get so lonely. having no one to talk to is torture. music doesnt help any more. self harm is getting harder to hide. i'm alone. these scars on my body just remind me.. i'm stuck. not a day goes by without suicide on my mind. i'm to chicken to do it but i like to think that one day i'll do it. one day i'll be gone and leave this pain behind. one day... i wont be in pain anymore.. "shorty dont know i'm broken inside wanna be six feet under fuck being alive"-bad dream.	😞
thank you. thank you everyone for making it to 2019 with me. it was incredibly hard but i cannot thank you all enough. i thought about killing myself nearly everyday but i did it, so did you. we did it.	❤️
i want to kill myself please let me swim in an ocean of darkness and nothingness feel nothing feel pure feel free i'd rather rot in hell than live in this hell killing myself would be worth that i can't tell anyone this you're my only friend now the only one who won't tell my darkest secrets secrets secrets secrets such a pretty yet cruel word as is love what a wicked cursed word i hate that i love at all i don't think i can be loved imagine if anyone saw this how broken and torn and wasted away i was how much i hate myself no one knows i need sleep eternal forever so as to not understand pain over and over again everytime i awake i relearn what it's like to hate myself	😞
anybody wanna talk? hey there. [20 m] anybody want to talk? just having one of those days. reddit chat or insta. anything is fine. much love guys	❤️
it's too hard i don't even know what to do anymore. i haven't felt like this in awhile. i'm actually scared i'm going to do something bad. but i also don't care. so many things are going through my head right now. i feel completely alone. nobody gives two shits about me. the dark isn't dark enough. everything hurts so bad. it's too much for me to handle anymore. i want to be gone. i just want to fucking die	😭
honestly, i'll be up front and say i don't have the balls to kill myself (plus i've made a promise not to) but it gets harder and harder to keep the promise. walking my dogs, my thoughts go to "tie them up to a tree, run in front of a car", or lock my bedroom door and leave a note for my parents to call the coroner and not enter the room, or my personal go to of visualization of me running face first into a plate glass window and hoping for the worst. lately though, the thoughts have become more like how far is it from the attic window to the ground/driveway/yard and how my climbing rope is all static so that'd break my neck with ease, right? my anxiety is through the roof, my depression is thicker than a san francisco fog. i've been looking for jobs and valuing myself accordingly but can't land anything beyond less than 10/hr. i look at my ex who, in the last couple months, has become happier, more effervescent and i'm really fucking happy for her, but i wasted 2 years of her life and made her miserable. i make everyone around me miserable or push them away. life genuinely feels like it's not worth trying anymore because whatever i do, others become happier because of me but i just get sadder and more depressed. currently i'm curled up in my closet, wiping away tears that aren't fully formed and hoping that i can mellow out. i genuinely don't wanna keep doing this routine anymore of try try try and just get ignored. i openly talk about my suicidal thoughts to keep myself in check. if others know where my head is at, then it's harder to get away wth. being alone is nice, but my thoughts take over and push me to the brink. i've been at this brink for so long that the idea of dieing isn't scary to me anymore. it looks less like something to fear and more like a weight that could be lifted from my shoulders. i give no shits how others feel if i were to do it. frankly, if you gave a fuck then why haven't people tried to be there for me? huh fuck, i hate myself.	😕
will be dead in 24 hours i'm writing this so i leave something behind. so i'm scared but everything is ready and there is nothing more i need from this life i'm 16 i tried getting help but all it did for me, was showing me how worthless i am infront of everyone i know. so bye, hope you can wish me luck that everything goes well and i hope to everyone who reads this that thier life will be full of joyfull experiences. see you on the other side then 🏽	👋
the thought of me even talking to a boy and beingi've had friends who were "boys" before. just not boyfriends....and my parents well i can't have a boyfriend till i'm 18 apparently. but it's my life, my choices-and i'm christian as well.im scared...i really want to date honestly..but i'm scared as death. i haven't necessarily met any boys that i can say were "hot or cute" because they just don't stand out. so i'm forced to no dating and also i'm 14. i moved to where i am a few years ago and i left during middle school. my friends were given my moms number but i've only talked to one in recent times...i know they remember me but it's sad we never talked again after moving...it's ok i get it..we were younger then...so now i have one friend. i have adhd and pretty much was diagnosed with it in kindergarten so essentially my whole life. it makes it hard to make friends for me and i had about 4 friends in my old school. i only have friends with people like me.,.because we are similar- and bond well. now i moved her and i have one friend my bff my life (it's a girl) she's my bff. what do it now-i have one friend and it makes me feel sad that i do...i want to date remember? what if i did date? i never met anyone i could call cute-but i'm i'm not lesbian cuz i'm christian. so if i dated-i have adhd....why would anyone want to date me. i'm an imperfect individual and i know nobody is perfect but-i'm more so than anyone..and my friend has some similar too..that's why we bond. we don't really care for men..we just never cared..i know i love myself because god made me hoe i am. but still the way i am-why would anyone like me? why would anyone care? and sometimes idk when boys talk to me if they joke. they'll say "kiana wanna go to the dance?" but i'm sure it's a dare. because the boys they hang with all laugh. and i know it is because why me? why me? of all the pretty babes? why? why do you gotta joke about that? what if i took it seriously? every time they do that i reject them. i hate dancing.. sometimes theyll say "your so hot or cute" or something but you know what? i don't believe them. i know they think i'm annoying because of my adhd. i'm not that hyper so i think but apparently i am...and they always ask "do you have adhd?" i do. but i never anwser. why should it matter? ..why do we never get recognized as existing? they will always ask about us and our adhd or what not. can i not just be called upon as human??? i'm human and can feel and hurt too. i feel...and behind all me and my friends uwu's were not fine you think we are but if only you knew us.. you'd see we aren't, we aren't fine at all. we're people and need to be seen as such. i'm not the girl with adhd i'm just a normal girl with normal imperfections...nobody is perfect....but then when u do this and joke about me and my friends-that's not right. i want the truth and not a lie. i dont want yo live a lie! what do i do rn? i need someone to talk to....i need a friend someone like me or not..,someone who really just cares and understands me....like my bff the only one who knows me. the true me the me who's sad inside the one who cries at night and cries silently to sleep...i'm just-ugly on the outside aren't i? my actions are and i guess so am i..,	😭
is suicide a bad option? why? - i used to meditate but it just made me aware that i am drifting endlessly through life. - i go to work, waste my time there. i've been trying to do a routine for 3 years now, but my brain just won't let me do anything correctly before switching to the next new thing i'm excited by. i went to a therapist, he gave pills that made me feel sedated. it left me with no drive to do anything. stopped taking that shit because it used to make me feel constipated. i forget to exercise, sleep on time or even eat right because i get caught up in an activity for a time being and forget everything else. - my parents are constantly fighting so it sucks to be at home. - i have no employable skills. liberal arts major. - i don't know how to connect with people. i have no one to actually call a friend. i don't even connected to my parents. i mean ppl are nice and i appreciate their work and effort. but i don't feel the need to interact. so i'm just chilling here by myself. the pain of existence is real. how do i cope? just disappearing seems like a beautiful option right now. sigh let me know your thoughts.	😔
i love you all i was gonna post about how life is terrible but after going through this sub and reading the stories i, i have decided to be more hopeful and give life a more positive approach.wish me luck i love all of you	❤️
is it normal to want to stay depressedi've been depressed for about a year now. it's become my normal i guess. i really want to get better, i do. but there's a part of me that kinda wants to stay this way. it probably sounds crazy i know but it's the truth. i feel a level of comfort and safety. and it has nothing to do with me wanting attention. because i know some people might see it that way. hardly anyone i know knows i'm depressed actually. it's a weird feeling and i'm always torn about getting the help i know need or doing nothing about it and letting it get worse. which is what's been happening. i don't fully understand it but i just thought i would share incase anyone else also feels this way. i guess it's almost like self harm in a way. i'm not physically being hurt by my actions, but i'm choosing to hurt myself by letting myself go untreated. and i know it	😕
ways to die. twi can't think of any way to die without having possible traumatic repercussions if i survive. medication: vomitting, hospitalisation, potential brain damage, liver damage hanging: brain damage, spinal injury, partner finding me car accident: risking someone else's life, debilitating or lifelong injuries if i change my mind in the future. drowning: i'm not sure i could actually do that? doesn't the brain use my flight or fight response to save me? no guns around. bleeding out: horrible way to leave my partner in our bought house with memories and stains like that. life is always overwhelming me, but also does death. ways to kill myself seems to come with many reasons not to do it. i guess any excuse counts right?	😔
i'm done after my grandfather dies. i literally have nothing to live for. taking care of him is my only purpose right now and when he dies, i'm done, too. i'm tired of how my aunt talks to me and expects me to take care of her, too. i have no kids yet at 28 i'm essentially taking care of two grown adults. he's legitimately bedridden, she's just fat and lazy. i've been on r/justnofamily before. things won't change fast enough before he dies so i'm just holding on. i have no place of my own or savings. my so believes "love is a vibe" with a switch so i am wasting my emotion and energy there. i dropped out of college because i'm a dumb ass. i gave up a free ride because i wanted to "get away" when i was young. i don't have a career and am currently unemployed playing caretaker. i have no hobbies, skills, or talents. i'm in medical, credit card, and student loan debt. there's a good chance i'm infertile. i have ms. all i want to do anymore is just sleep and eat and go through the motions of the days. i have nothing to offer this world, i am a drain of resources. i was an unplanned baby. mom had me at 39. if she wasn't catholic i may have been aborted and this whole thing avoided. i'm not really even supposed to be on this planet, sucking everyone else's oxygen and my fat ass eating everyone's food. i have nothing to offer an so, i really don't. i'm good as a body and throat to fuck but i have nothing to offer. nothing makes me special or wonderful. without a job, i'm essentially a leech. i'm surprised he's putting up with me (and living in a basement at 28!) but, since love is a switch, there's no guarantee he'll stick around. and i have nothing to offer future suitors except a pussy and a mouth. so, i'm stuck in debt with no career and i can't get a career until i finish school and i can't finish school until i pay off my loans and i can't pay off my loans until i get a career... see where i'm going with this? past me fucked up so much that there's nothing left for present me. once grandpa's dead, i'm not holding on for my aunt or anyone else. call suicide selfish, go ahead, but it's also shittier to keep living because it's what everyone else wants. it's shitty for me to have to keep living because you'd be heartbroken and have to deal with my loss after i died. i think it's the ultimate control to guilt someone into living. once i'm dead, it won't matter. i won't care about your feelings. i don't know how, although oding on insulin seems to be the least messy and most convenient way. if this post gets deleted then there's just more fuel to my fire.	👍
i just want it all to be overi just wish i could die and all the pain would finally end. as long as i can remember i've always been treated like less than a person, in elementary school i hated waking up in the morning because i knew sooner or later someone and their friends would decide to harass me. as an example i remember once i was playing at recess and a group of four kids started throwing rocks and acorns at me, even dirt which would get into my mouth because they would throw it into my face. then i tried to run away and they followed me wherever i went, so i tried hiding up on a slide "jungle gym" of sorts and they just continued harassing me and even wouldn't let me down. but as soon as i tried to defend myself they ran to a teacher, and would you like to know what i heard from her? "why should i believe your story over these 4 boys?" so basically on a weekly basis my parents would be getting calls for the school about how i "started a fight with other students" then i would be sent to the principles office to be physically assaluted for trying to defend myself (if i beat someone with a stick for trying to stop a rape i would go to prison, but apparently it's ok for adults to beat kids who are only trying to defend themselves from being stalked outside during recess and have dirt thrown in their mouth as a sick joke) that went on from kindergarten until 5th grade, after that it was usually harassment about my weight, my red hair and glasses, or how because i and a friend always hung out together we must be gay. when i would go home from all of this every day i would be told i was a liar if i tried to tell the truth, and i'm firmly convinced my dad just didn't give a crap about what was going on, because all he would ever do is scream at me and hit me. he didn't once listen when i would ask for help. you know, and the funny thing is i thought after i finally got out of school i might be able to be myself and the harassment would end. nope, i've been out of hs for 3 years now, i've had about 13 jobs because no matter where i go there is a member of management who enjoys making every moment there a living hell for everyone, so after a few months of putting up with them constantly complaining about everything i finally snap and quit. my first job i had for 2 years, and it was a daily thing to be asked "why don't you care about your job" when you are only trying to do your best, the manager would never offer any help, or try to tell you an easier way to do something, nothing but negativity, sometimes he would make up things that he "told you to do already" and then tell you you were a bad employee for not doing them! if ive been here for a year and never been told to do this why am i suddenly going to start doing it unless you tell me!!!!!!! i had another manager cuss at me because i had to change my schedule (starting 2 weeks from the day i notified him) etc. aside from that it's like everywhere i go people want to insult and belittle me at every turn, i just want to go to work to make money, this isnt supposed to be a high school!!!!!!! the only job i ever had that i like was at ut arlington library. because i was actually able to go to work and do my job without interference from people who just want to bitch about literally anything they can think of constantly, and it was so quiet there. im sick and tired of this, i just wish i could kill myself. i just want to be treated like a person instead of a piece of garbage.... i just go home every day from the harassment alone and i lay in my bed all night wishing someone was there to hold my hand. the only relationship i've ever had was 2 years filled with emotional abuse in high school. i was made to feel like i wasn't good enough and she used to torment me by refusing to even acknowledge me sometimes, then i would do everything to get back on her good side so that she would treat me with love again the next day, but then it would repeat and repeat and repeat. for the entire two years. i finally cut it off once she started referring to me as her brother to fuck with me emotionally. we couldn't even have a conversation without her going off the deep end about something and then trying to make me feel like shit about it. she would even cry if i didn't want to talk about a certain topic about myself that made me uncomfortable because she believed everything was her buissness. but i miss having someone hold my hand so badly, i miss being touched and kissed, i miss it so much, no matter what i do nobody ever wants me. i just want someone to care, i just want a hug my last job was as a dominos pizza delivery driver, and i loved it, the first one i've liked since the library job, and i made 6000 in 3 months of working there so the money was great (i usually made 700 every month if i was lucky at most of my jobs, minimum wage jobs rarely guarantee full time hours, and getting a second job is impossible when the first one expects you to be available at any time and never gives you a set schedule) but then a customer followed me 5 miles back to the store and started verbally harassing me at the store because i (and btw i wasn't riding the tail of his car) apparently was riding his ass while driving. what actually happened was the guy was sitting at a green light like a dumbness and then when he finally moved he was going a full 25mph in a 45mph zone. rather than get stuck behind another red light i followed closely because he's hardly moving, and so after we leave the intersection i'm of course going to go around so it's not a dangerous situation. well, before we even get out of the intersection he slams on his breaks, almost making me hit him (it wasnt that hard to avoid actually, there was about 5 feet between our cars and we were going maybe 25 ) and before he does anything else i just drive to the right and go around. while i'm looking in my mirror and going the speed limit i see the recede behind me but then after a few seconds the guy start to gain on me (so obviously speeding) i didn't really think anything of it until i made a turn off the road and he followed me. so i made a few more. and low and behold, i'm being followed. so i got back to the store and the guy started harassing me in front of management, i stopped the interaction and told the manager i wasn't going to deal with this since my shift had actually been scheduled to end a half hour ago, and if they didn't cash me out i was quitting right there. so there goes another job. im just about read to call in the cards on this life.	😢
i feel so ugly :(i literally feel fucking worthless bc i'm not good looking and i'm so tired of being bullied and made fun of bc of it. i really want to die just for a tiny sliver of hope that i'll be reincarnated as someone whose life actually means anything bc rn i'm literally trash. i just want friends and somebody to talk to and tell me everything's ok but i'm stuck in this constant loop and i'm never gonna get out of it :( i can't even cut anymore bc my arms and legs already look fucking gross from all the scars on them	😢
can somebody just talk to me please haven't talked to a human being in a long time. please someone talk to me	😔
i'm holding the knife but can't do it lmaoi'm so coward	😂
having to let your girl and your son know you're facing 16 years minimum is brutali'm innocent. but if i get convicted i really don't see myself coming out.	😔
thinking of just ending it allstarting to apply for colleges and i did lie to my parents about my recent sat score cause i dropped and didn't want to disappoint them because we are desi and should be getting high scores. i did study and practice. my dad saw my score and got all mad about me(understand) for lying but i didn't tell them it was because i didn't want to disappoint them. being desi is hard i fucking hate it, so much pressure on colleges and scores, job, etc. and my dad said you might as well go to community college and not have a good life, and i said tht i can still transfer to the college i was applying to(just trying to see) after working hard and then he just got mad at me again and was like "you aren't working hard, you are lying and might as well just go live on the street you idiot" it isn't life or death right?!? is it?!? idk this just got me so stressed . welp now i'm just thinking about playing with knifes and if i happen to slice my arm, it's whatever. fuck man, i don't wanna live anymore. fuck life.	😭
burden they say when you want to harm yourself to reach out to someone you trust. so what when you do but they are tired of hearing that you are going to harm yourself. so another friend ask you if you are okay ... remembering what your other friend asking of you about stopping that type of talk...you tell the other you aren't going to burden them and to just leave you alone, and they say okay. am i a bad friend for pushing them away. am i bad friend for placing that type of burden on them to begin with. are they bad friends because it feels like they don't care in the end.	😔
oh wellwho cares? i mean it, who cares? family doesnt, friends dont, who cares? i have plenty of liquor and 250 rounds of ammunition. i dont think i'll miss. i'm sorry world. normally i'd try to help others on this subreddit with a different account and different persona. sorry jordan. sorry dylan and the rest of your family. sorry. goodbye. sorry for me. sorry for me edit: note wrote. see you soon. bye	👋
i'm going to the hospital, i hope it's late. i'm scared. its hard to read my phone through these tears. i can't handle this pain any more and i don't know where else to go, i don't even know why i'm typing this. i hope i take myself there and dont follow through with a different plan. wherever this night takes me, i hope i don't feel this way much longer.	💔
it's getting roughi haven't been forced to be in the presence of a toxic person in a long time. the last time i was, i was a teenager living with my horrible mom. she just had to have a perfect daughter to the point where she was willing to let me die. now i'm stuck in a similar situation again and i can't escape. no wonder first responders off themselves so much. line officers will treat you like shit because they know they'll get away with it. reach out for help? "yeah, we'll get back to you in 2 weeks." thanks.	😞
it hurts	😔
ayy hooray for being useless literally all i do is hurt the people i love so i'm gonna leave them all, cya	👋
i really should just fucking die alreadylife is misery in every sense of the word and i'm not contributing a damn thing to the world. why exist when i'm so absolutely worthless? but i'm a coward that has already been in the ward so i probably won't...but i'll think about it	🙃
you ever just get so frustrated that you wish you could stab yourself in the stomach? most of the time suicide is in the back of my mind, something i know is there but i can ignore. sometimes though, i get so frustrated with a situation, so angry that i wish i could kill myself on the spot. i'm sitting in my car right now stuck in the snow because of dumb decisions i made (some my own and some from listening to bad advice) and all i can think about is grabbing my box cutter and ending it right now it's selfish, but i wish i didn't have any friends or family that would miss me, because man that would make everything a whole lot easier. anyone else have trouble ignoring the itch during moments of anger?	🙃
waiting for death.i want to go... 10th of april marks two years without the creature that kept me alive.. i want to join her. and i will... i'll be gone on the same day as she had to go.. maybe someone will remember us both by then	❤️
how's this for an idea? plz read my ex girlfriend is an immigrant to my country. sweetest person i've ever known. just a super shitty family. simply put, we both got our hearts broken through the process of dating and the brake up. i just got a sweet paying job. (personally, i don't really care.) i was thinking i'll save as much money as i can. spend nothing on fun. just essential for as long as i can. leave everything to her in my will. i know she needs it. she won't take it if i am a life. this way i can leave her one last gift. she could use it to buy a home. i know how much she wants her own house ps. is it stupid i still love her even after all the crap we went through?	🙃
i hope you have a wonderful day today.if not feel free to comment why. otherwise keep enjoying it	👍
nobody[listen to this ](<url>)	💔
nothing has helpedafter i thought my depression finally went away from a bit, after i've exercised, after i've talked to people, after i've made friends, after i've stayed positive for more than a month. it hurts a lot, the only thing that stops me now is my conscious telling me it's wrong to take my life but it dipped up today. bad. i wish i would stop caring about everything for a second, so it would stop hurting inside. i've met so many people that make my day positive. but it doesn't help. i wish my friends would kill me instead of me doing it so at least i don't have to worry about the pain i'll cause my parents. holding on sucks so much ass, i wish my nose would stop being so full so i can cry normally. i thought life was turning up. but i simply fell off a cliff and back at rock bottom.	😁
goodbye in about 2 weeks on august 16 the inevitable will come, i'll overdose on clonidine and hoepful fall asleep forever. goodbye world <url> much love to chloe ,i'm sure she'll be okay without me, my siblings will take care of her	😩
my life i'll keep it short and simple, i keep trying to plug holes but as soon as i do another one pops up. how long can i keep climbing for when there's always additional weight being put on to hold me down.	😕
anyone thought of purposefully getting infected by the virus?my life has steadily gone down hill the past few years after experiencing extreme physical and mental trauma from abusive relationships. i've always been opposed to life, not necessarily suicidal just tried to find little things about the future to keep me going. i moved to a new state six months ago with my fiance. almost immediately we lost our jobs and our already unhealthy relationship took a turn for the worst and he abandoned me to go back home to maine. i fought like hell to pick myself back up and for the first time in my life i was truly happy with who i was and being alone. fast forward a few months later i got swept up in a relationship with the most loving caring person i've ever met. i self destructed that relationship tonight because i don't know how to communicate and push people away. i have been both mentally and physically abused in my past relationships before this man and i don't know how to be in a healthy relationship anymore if i ever did. every moment with him was pure bliss and now that i've experienced a relationship like that i'm ready to go. i lost my job because of the virus, i'm alone in a state with no family or friends. my current living situation is hell and honestly what has pushed me over the edge. my roommate is verbally and mentally abusive daily. i can't even get back to my family on the opposite coast if i wanted to and i'd be terrified of infecting them. i've dreamed for years and years now what i would do it if things ever got this bad. now i feel like i have a socially acceptable easy way out. i could be just like rest of the victims dying and my family would think it happened naturally. i just have no reason to live anymore and i don't want to. i've fought for so long and so hard and now all i'm left with is debt, ptsd, no hope for the future of my industry that's collapsing. i just don't want to exist anymore. i'm a high risk patient so i don't think it would be terribly hard to catch if i want to a couple hospitals/dr offices/places where people are blatantly ignoring social distancing. i'm currently sick with strep, have severe asthma, and scar tissue in my lungs from almost getting wiped out as a kid. as i watch the death tolls rise. i'm sleeping outside tonight so as to avoid my roommate and it's already pretty chilly. i only have a thin blanket and foolishly left the house in shorts. i don't believe in god, but fuck i'll pray to him if he lets me go to sleep and never let my eyes open. i'm so terribly ashamed of how i treated a sweet amazing man who didn't deserve it. my plan is to try and get myself infected and and sleep in a tent out in the wilderness for 2 weeks. if i haven't caught it yet i'll try again. just to make sure i'm not asymptomatic and infecting innocent people. damn it feels good to have a plan that will let my family grieve and know this will all be over soon. i know this option isn't for everyone, but i am so terribly ready.	❤️
if i don't qualify for usamo, i will finally get the balls to kill myself. i guess i have 3 months to decide my fate. wonder if my depression will even allow me to work towards it	🤔
why am i here i should be helping others but now i feel like shit i should be on this subreddit to help others not to help myself i thought i was seeing the other end but i try and cope by helping others on here but i get sad still i don't kbow why i'm a disgrac	😭
wife left me after i got out the suicide ward.met her on a video game when we were 15, always had feelings for her. it didn't work out when we were 17, i grew up joined the military and she came back into my life but with a boyfriend. after they broke up we fell in love all over again, so i thought. married last october and found out she cheated in 2017 when we were long distance. its beem since january and my anixety has gotten worse and worse. we kelt fighting the military sucks even worse than normal with covid, and i got busted down in rank for some bullshit. i was ready to end it and was saying goodbye to her and she asked me "what am i even gonna do if you leave me in this world alone" i went and couldn't go throguh with it. sje said she would be here for me every step of the way as i was getting admitted. i went to the ward for a week and came out to getting divorced. when i was feeling i could find some new life and move in from this stress. finally on meds and getting professional help. then she leaves me. i dont want to see the future without her. i don't want to live long enough to see how far apart we grow. i got drunk and wrote a suicide note monday in my car. the music made me cry as i got drunker. i called my sister and she called my mon to come get me, but i had already drunk texted her telling her how much i loved her, and now im blocked.	😔
life is a joke and i'm tired of laughing. what do i do when i'm so low that i'm shaking from controlling the urge to hurt myself one final time? how long can i really hold back before i finally do the deed? how much stress is enough to push me over the edge? when will i finally let it all go? when will i blissfully quench that thirst that's been lingering for years? why do i keep holding on when it's so easy to give in? what's the point in living when death is what i'm craving? honestly.. i don't know why i bother with anything when everything i do is wrong and everything i say goes unheard because everything i am is nothing at all. i don't even exist to anyone else, so why am i still here? i imagine anything is better than this. suffering, misery and sadness. loneliness, i'm always alone. fuck. i hate my exsistance. i hate waking up knowing i'm still alive. still ruining the lives of every one i know, and still wasting space with my unwanted life. i just want to be unborn. can you donate a life, cause i'm done with mine.. rant over	😔
i dont think ill ever be happy again. ever.i have absolutely no will to live anymore and i don't even know why i'm holding on still. like i genuinely don't want to be here anymore and somehow i'm okay with it. i don't want to do life or anything like that. i'm sick of everything and everyone and how i sad i am about literally the dumbest shit. i have no will to continue and i think it's time to just end it. i've always wondered when i'd reach that point where i actually didn't want to live anymore and i think i'm there. i don't want to exist pathetically anymore like i'm really tired of it. i've been waiting for things to get better since as long as i can remember and it never has. it's only gotten worse. nothing means anything to me anymore. i'm actually really happy that i have no will to live anymore because now i can end it without hesitation. anyways. i don't know why i'm posting here... lol. deuces	✌️
doing it tonight i've seen all the world has to offer and i'm tired, tonight i become an angeli plan on ending it tonight. i got my driver permit and immediately crashed into a pole, my physical and mentally abusive dad was teaching me how to drive. he did his worse: many will say this was a revenge suicide, but it's not. i was planning on doing this years ago. the first time i was ever truly suicidal, or at least truly suicidal with a name to attach to it , i was 9. i want to die, i'm an adult, i'm 18, i'll do it. i have no friends left. my abuser and baby sister and my mom are the only family i have left. my baby sister is my world, she's 17, she's so sweet but also sometimes snappy i love her fiery personality. and my mom, she is so amazing to me, sometimes she is cruel but of course in that motherly love sort of way. i will miss them so much, but they will eventually feel better, i was nothing and no one special. i hope they feel better soon. i hope their not the ones to find my body but if they are it'll be okay. they both see a therapist and can talk it out. i thought i wanted to grow up but i didn't. i don't want to be alive. i just don't know what to do anymore. if you read my story i love you, happy new years! happy 2021!	😂
i seriously just want to kill myself i just fucking hate life. i don't want to be alive anymore. i hate everything. i hate how everything comes to an end. i honestly just want to die. nothing in this life is worth living for anymore. i have nothing left. i just want to be gone. the only thing i want to come to an end is myself. i just want to be gone already. i can't do it anymore	😭
fuck my life.i can't go one day without having a panic attack and hating myself. i can't even function properly. i can't taste food, i can't feel anything but pain. and worst of all i'm the loneliest person on earth. doesn't matter no one cares. no body will miss me and no one will remember me. i was just a waste of flesh a walking thing that roamed the earth for 19 years searching for something to live for. unfortunately i couldn't find one. all that's happened to me is my heart being crushed. i can't take it anymore . no one cares. everyone ghosts me who tries to "help". i just wanted to find love and be able to smile. but i guess that's reserved only for the rich and those who don't deserve happiness. i hate life, and life hates me. how can anyone live happily? how is happiness a emotion? because to me it's a figment.	😢
honestly, i'll be up front and say i don't have the balls to kill myself (plus i've made a promise not to) but it gets harder and harder to keep the promise. walking my dogs, my thoughts go to "tie them up to a tree, run in front of a car", or lock my bedroom door and leave a note for my parents to call the coroner and not enter the room, or my personal go to of visualization of me running face first into a plate glass window and hoping for the worst. lately though, the thoughts have become more like how far is it from the attic window to the ground/driveway/yard and how my climbing rope is all static so that'd break my neck with ease, right? my anxiety is through the roof, my depression is thicker than a san francisco fog. i've been looking for jobs and valuing myself accordingly but can't land anything beyond less than 10/hr. i look at my ex who, in the last couple months, has become happier, more effervescent and i'm really fucking happy for her, but i wasted 2 years of her life and made her miserable. i make everyone around me miserable or push them away. life genuinely feels like it's not worth trying anymore because whatever i do, others become happier because of me but i just get sadder and more depressed. currently i'm curled up in my closet, wiping away tears that aren't fully formed and hoping that i can mellow out. i genuinely don't wanna keep doing this routine anymore of try try try and just get ignored. i openly talk about my suicidal thoughts to keep myself in check. if others know where my head is at, then it's harder to get away wth. being alone is nice, but my thoughts take over and push me to the brink. i've been at this brink for so long that the idea of dieing isn't scary to me anymore. it looks less like something to fear and more like a weight that could be lifted from my shoulders. i give no shits how others feel if i were to do it. frankly, if you gave a fuck then why haven't people tried to be there for me? huh fuck, i hate myself.	😕
if i do ... how do i say sorry to you she walks through the door placing her keys on the table had a long day so she really wants to lay low but everything she knows is about to go the other way tho calls out the name of the one she wanted to see when she came home she listens out but she gets no reply takes a step forward she wants to know why just out in the the driveway she saw a second car now shes runnin through the house tryna find out where you are in her mind you're still close and you couldn't have gone far. she dashes up the stairs and down to the end of the hall she pulls out her phone and its you she tries to call ring ring ring she can hear your phone ringing she opens up a door and the neighbors heard screaming under a black veil she can hear the choir singing there's your lifeless body laying right there on the floor she never thought she was coming home to a corpse she doesnt even know if she can love you anymore she planned a whole life with you whatchu throw it away for. on the bed all you left was this note but she cant even bring herself to read what you wrote you took everything she ever loved and she forever feels broke afraid to love anyone else or let anyone in scared to see it all come crashing down again a beautiful girl confused about what shes doing all because i was weak and now she's forever ruined. im so sorry i just didnt know what to do the last thing i thought about was would you forgive me if i do? and if you you dont read this then how will i ever say sorry to you ?....	😔
please help me i dont know what to doidk what the hell is wrong with me but i just wanna stay in bed all day and i feel literally no energy to do anything, i used to be passionate about making music but now i can't feel anything when i listen to music, i'm basically scared about everything all the time and i feel nothing but fear 24/7, specially about the future, i just don't know what to do anymore, i keep pushing myself to talk to people and attempt to get help, but everything they say just feels like nothing to me also yesterday i saw this tattoo on instagram, which was a whale flying in the sky with butterfly wings, idk why but i immediately started crying because i wanted it so bad, it was so damn cute , and then i realized how childish this is (crying over a cute tattoo) idk most of the time i just can't help but feeling like i'm insane or like my brain is underdeveloped somehow i'm scared that people will abandon me	😭
anybody want to be "don't kill yourself" buddies?i'm dangerously code to procuring an exit bag, and i think it may be a good idea to regularly talk with someone who wants to keep going but is close to the edge. i know for sure we'll have being suicidal in common, so we could start our new friendship with that!	🙃
depressed suicidal 20yo has an explanation for whoever is listening. hi guys! i've literally never spoken to anyone about this before. no one in my family knows and i don't have any friends to talk too. so i've been suicidal on and of for a while now. i'm a 21yo female working as a nurse in melbourne. i've never once in my life felt happy or like i belong in any situation in my life. i've not once had a steady best friend my whole life. i switched schools a lot when i was younger so never had a chance for friends i guess. but now i'm older and everywhere i go i cannot make friends. i was told melbourne would be full of quirky and fun people like me yet i cannot find one friend. i littlerly have not one friend to talk to about wanting to jump of the roof of my appartment building. i've always been an odd person, but not crazy weird or anything. i'm average weight. in my own opinion i'm pretty with makeup, but i suppose that's in the eye of the beholder right. so i realy can't figure out why people want nothing to do with me? the only people who will actively reply to my niceties is those who want to fuck me. sad as it sounds it's true. i've come to a point where i think there is something wrong with me, something i can't see. like a shadow in the corner of my eye, just out of my vision that i can't notice but everyone else sees. so, cut to the chase. i feel like i have wasted my entire life. what is life without friends? nothing. and i've wasted my best 21 years completely alone. my 21 birthday i go nice and dressed up for dinner and drinks with my family. my siblings are a lot older then me and my whole family got drunk and giggled and chatted amongst themselves. it was like i wasn't even there. this lonely existence is to much for me to handle. i've already started giving stuff away so i don't know how much time i have left. i guess i just wanted someone to know my story. someone to know i existed in this big dark world full of pain and loneliness. ps my pedants are good people. but my mother is depressed herself and i know i worrry the shit out of her. also if i tell them they will make me move back with them to my country town i'm from and i'd rather just kill myself then go back to that hellhole. thanks for listening to my winge. hopefully whatever weird repellent i have doesn't transfer through internet	😂
alright. last post. hopefully.saw a scheduled message i had set like two or three years ago while checking my messages to make sure i was leaving everything okay. it's an article that read "23 things seniors should do before they leave high school". it was a message i was going to send myself for when i was a senior. the message was scheduled for january 1st 2022, at 12 am. i actually thought i would live to be a senior at one point. how cute. sorry for the spammy-like posting. just thought that was kinda funny (even though i know it's more sad than funny, but sarcasm!). wanted to share, since ya know. last words and all. probably.	❤️
read i've been clean of self harm for about a week. my girlfriend convinced me to lean off of it and i haven't in so long, though i'm itching to do more :/ . i've been feeling more and more mentally tired by the day, and with school just starting last week it's not been getting any better. these days my day is just filled with thinking, withdrawaling and wishing i was dead. my nights are usually just crying at this point my girlfriend has been helping a lot through it all but still. i don't know if it's enough. i'm trying to make it enough, i really am.	😔
i failed last night i was going to kill myself and i failed	😔
wasting my life being a clutterbug. can't find something im good at that people and opposite sex is attracted to. feeling like a failure just sitting on my phone all day everyday, wasting my time with shit and have a few friends that it's too embarrassing to talk to. plus, the women thing is so upsetting for me which is wack. just feeling kinda like a stupid nice guy.	😞
i'm done after my grandfather dies.i literally have nothing to live for. taking care of him is my only purpose right now and when he dies, i'm done, too. i'm tired of how my aunt talks to me and expects me to take care of her, too. i have no kids yet at 28 i'm essentially taking care of two grown adults. he's legitimately bedridden, she's just fat and lazy. i've been on r/justnofamily before. things won't change fast enough before he dies so i'm just holding on. i have no place of my own or savings. my so believes "love is a vibe" with a switch so i am wasting my emotion and energy there. i dropped out of college because i'm a dumb ass. i gave up a free ride because i wanted to "get away" when i was young. i don't have a career and am currently unemployed playing caretaker. i have no hobbies, skills, or talents. i'm in medical, credit card, and student loan debt. there's a good chance i'm infertile. i have ms. all i want to do anymore is just sleep and eat and go through the motions of the days. i have nothing to offer this world, i am a drain of resources. i was an unplanned baby. mom had me at 39. if she wasn't catholic i may have been aborted and this whole thing avoided. i'm not really even supposed to be on this planet, sucking everyone else's oxygen and my fat ass eating everyone's food. i have nothing to offer an so, i really don't. i'm good as a body and throat to fuck but i have nothing to offer. nothing makes me special or wonderful. without a job, i'm essentially a leech. i'm surprised he's putting up with me (and living in a basement at 28!) but, since love is a switch, there's no guarantee he'll stick around. and i have nothing to offer future suitors except a pussy and a mouth. so, i'm stuck in debt with no career and i can't get a career until i finish school and i can't finish school until i pay off my loans and i can't pay off my loans until i get a career... see where i'm going with this? past me fucked up so much that there's nothing left for present me. once grandpa's dead, i'm not holding on for my aunt or anyone else. call suicide selfish, go ahead, but it's also shittier to keep living because it's what everyone else wants. it's shitty for me to have to keep living because you'd be heartbroken and have to deal with my loss after i died. i think it's the ultimate control to guilt someone into living. once i'm dead, it won't matter. i won't care about your feelings. i don't know how, although oding on insulin seems to be the least messy and most convenient way. if this post gets deleted then there's just more fuel to my fire.	👍
i just want to be able to leave the house and not have a panic attack, i'm fed up dissociating and having the constant urge to self harm. i just want it all to be black. just to commit suicide and do it successfully this time. i give up! i can't do it no more. always having the battle with my mind of wanting to binge and then wanting to purge and starve myself. i can't keep existing in a world where i already feel dead.	😞
if anyone wants to talk/vent i'm here to hear you...and maybe if you're okay i'd love to give advice too!the past does not define who you'll be in future...keep the hope in this hard times and hang in there! i'm here to help you!	😊
i'm about to have a mental breakdown. i need some love and good memes please	❤️
unmaskable tinnitus i'm so sick of this hell. permanent tinnitus has stripped away my will to live at 21. one mistake driven by my illness took invaluable things from me. i mourn for silence like nothing and nobody i've ever lost in my life. i am no stranger to suffering from other mental and physical ailments, but tinnitus is pure sensory torture. i can't mask mine with anything at all and it's exactly the same if not worse than it was six months ago. it's not some minor nuisance or passing thing. it's tainting my very existence every waking, conscious moment of my life. i'm so unhappy. i just don't see any point in recovery like this. i'm so sick of suffering in this broken shell. my life was so defined by music but it's just empty and hellish now. nobody in my life seems to understand just how bad this is for me. i don't want to be here anymore.	😭
ah shitso like i almost tried to commit sucide. i was so close. so fucking close. but i couldn't do it. i don't want to live anymore. i'm not gonna survive until 2021 100%. nobody would miss me. my mom would probs make a party for my death lmaoo. anyways stay safe ly	❤️
i just want it all to be over i just wish i could die and all the pain would finally end. as long as i can remember i've always been treated like less than a person, in elementary school i hated waking up in the morning because i knew sooner or later someone and their friends would decide to harass me. as an example i remember once i was playing at recess and a group of four kids started throwing rocks and acorns at me, even dirt which would get into my mouth because they would throw it into my face. then i tried to run away and they followed me wherever i went, so i tried hiding up on a slide "jungle gym" of sorts and they just continued harassing me and even wouldn't let me down. but as soon as i tried to defend myself they ran to a teacher, and would you like to know what i heard from her? "why should i believe your story over these 4 boys?" so basically on a weekly basis my parents would be getting calls for the school about how i "started a fight with other students" then i would be sent to the principles office to be physically assaluted for trying to defend myself (if i beat someone with a stick for trying to stop a rape i would go to prison, but apparently it's ok for adults to beat kids who are only trying to defend themselves from being stalked outside during recess and have dirt thrown in their mouth as a sick joke) that went on from kindergarten until 5th grade, after that it was usually harassment about my weight, my red hair and glasses, or how because i and a friend always hung out together we must be gay. when i would go home from all of this every day i would be told i was a liar if i tried to tell the truth, and i'm firmly convinced my dad just didn't give a crap about what was going on, because all he would ever do is scream at me and hit me. he didn't once listen when i would ask for help. you know, and the funny thing is i thought after i finally got out of school i might be able to be myself and the harassment would end. nope, i've been out of hs for 3 years now, i've had about 13 jobs because no matter where i go there is a member of management who enjoys making every moment there a living hell for everyone, so after a few months of putting up with them constantly complaining about everything i finally snap and quit. my first job i had for 2 years, and it was a daily thing to be asked "why don't you care about your job" when you are only trying to do your best, the manager would never offer any help, or try to tell you an easier way to do something, nothing but negativity, sometimes he would make up things that he "told you to do already" and then tell you you were a bad employee for not doing them! if ive been here for a year and never been told to do this why am i suddenly going to start doing it unless you tell me!!!!!!! i had another manager cuss at me because i had to change my schedule (starting 2 weeks from the day i notified him) etc. aside from that it's like everywhere i go people want to insult and belittle me at every turn, i just want to go to work to make money, this isnt supposed to be a high school!!!!!!! the only job i ever had that i like was at ut arlington library. because i was actually able to go to work and do my job without interference from people who just want to bitch about literally anything they can think of constantly, and it was so quiet there. im sick and tired of this, i just wish i could kill myself. i just want to be treated like a person instead of a piece of garbage.... i just go home every day from the harassment alone and i lay in my bed all night wishing someone was there to hold my hand. the only relationship i've ever had was 2 years filled with emotional abuse in high school. i was made to feel like i wasn't good enough and she used to torment me by refusing to even acknowledge me sometimes, then i would do everything to get back on her good side so that she would treat me with love again the next day, but then it would repeat and repeat and repeat. for the entire two years. i finally cut it off once she started referring to me as her brother to fuck with me emotionally. we couldn't even have a conversation without her going off the deep end about something and then trying to make me feel like shit about it. she would even cry if i didn't want to talk about a certain topic about myself that made me uncomfortable because she believed everything was her buissness. but i miss having someone hold my hand so badly, i miss being touched and kissed, i miss it so much, no matter what i do nobody ever wants me. i just want someone to care, i just want a hug my last job was as a dominos pizza delivery driver, and i loved it, the first one i've liked since the library job, and i made 6000 in 3 months of working there so the money was great (i usually made 700 every month if i was lucky at most of my jobs, minimum wage jobs rarely guarantee full time hours, and getting a second job is impossible when the first one expects you to be available at any time and never gives you a set schedule) but then a customer followed me 5 miles back to the store and started verbally harassing me at the store because i (and btw i wasn't riding the tail of his car) apparently was riding his ass while driving. what actually happened was the guy was sitting at a green light like a dumbness and then when he finally moved he was going a full 25mph in a 45mph zone. rather than get stuck behind another red light i followed closely because he's hardly moving, and so after we leave the intersection i'm of course going to go around so it's not a dangerous situation. well, before we even get out of the intersection he slams on his breaks, almost making me hit him (it wasnt that hard to avoid actually, there was about 5 feet between our cars and we were going maybe 25 ) and before he does anything else i just drive to the right and go around. while i'm looking in my mirror and going the speed limit i see the recede behind me but then after a few seconds the guy start to gain on me (so obviously speeding) i didn't really think anything of it until i made a turn off the road and he followed me. so i made a few more. and low and behold, i'm being followed. so i got back to the store and the guy started harassing me in front of management, i stopped the interaction and told the manager i wasn't going to deal with this since my shift had actually been scheduled to end a half hour ago, and if they didn't cash me out i was quitting right there. so there goes another job. im just about read to call in the cards on this life.	😢
i'm ok and i miss u life is a bitch but we're here posting for help and support in time everyone	❤️
the love of my life killed himself three weeks agoive decided to go too. nothing makes sense in this world without him it feels like i can't breathe. i really just needed to tell someone before i do it. thank you all	❤️
well, i'm trying my father left my house long time ago, he tried to harm my mom so she left him. i'm proud of her. i had a step-father and he left us to. i'm not sad about it, i didn't actually accept him, i disliked him so i guess it's ok. but lately, my sister's anorexya and 2 of my mom's friends got cancer, i feel like i can't handle it anymore. i wanted to live a long and good life, studying forest auxiliary (google translate) and wanting to become a firefighter to help people, but i feel like i can't help myself anymore. i wanted to be productive all my live, not because me, i used to like live, but my firts goal was my family hapinness. now it looks like an imposible goal, and my life looks usseless, as i can't keep anything up. i lost contact to good friends, the only one who i've talked to is a computer freak (like i used to be), but he does not care about my personal issues. i feel so ashamed of myself. i want to be strong, i want to be the pilar that holds my family togheter, i want to help other people, but i just can't help myself. i won't ever kill myself because it would be 2 hard for my mom and aunt, but i'm losing hope so quickly, i just want to become invisible or something like that. it's so hard. i'm sorry for the long post, and sorry for my bad english. i used to care about my mistakes and so but actually i just care about my sister and my mother. sorry if i've wittren some misscence words, but i'm drunk and hopeless. listening to rock songs so i can get some hope. just sorry for wasting your time and wanted to apologyze. hope to see you soon. thaank you . edit: actually i'd like to die with something like an overdose, so my family believes that it was my fault, not theirs. i was just a piece of shit, and i was so stupid. if nobody can cheer me up, i hope somebody can give me advice with how to kill myself and look like and accident. i wan't to suffer with my death, i wan't to feel my last feelings.	💔
i feel so numb,someone pleas help. am i broken beyond repair? tried posting here before and by sure if my post has went through to this sub but this time i'll try to keep it short as i possibly can. i'm seriously struggling,i had such a deep feeling heart for life and all of the things in which make this life so truly beautiful. i'm scared that i have fucked my brain to the point of no return. every day has become an empty existence from one day to the next. i no longer see my friends. i don't go out.i can't even fucking cry fuck i'm so desperate i don't know where else to post this and though the amazing community on here could shed some hope. long story short at 14 i battled with sexuality ocd, and truly overcame this yet when entering a relationship the theme changed to r/ocd. this soon started out with intrusive thoughts throughout both themes,intense anxiety panic attacks and very quickly a depression in which drained me of my childhood in which i'll never get back. the relationship soon failed with one lost child. i became numb to feeling love,only sadness and depression were of my emotional spectrum.fast forward again and i made such amazing progress, throughout all this my shitty coping mechanism was weed (stupid i know,young or not). this definitely seemed to help for a while but then soon became a desperate coping mechanism which turned into a gamble of feeling worse or better. would make my anxiety far worse with feelings of derealization now and then. fast forward again and i'm 16 now. i have gotten so much better and this time i have fell in love and i'm so deeply feeling this love,happiness,sadness,life has new meaning and i can feel love and everything once again. i can not assume my continued weed use was what perpetrated my anxiety here and their. even despite this i fell so deeply in love and my self work and this love transformed me into a person i never believed i would become. my first true love which was healthy and so happy. fast forward again,she soon left me just out of no where,i know i may of been a little hard work but we both were and our good days certainly triumphed over the bad. this had broken me and the typical heartbreak situation had destroyed me and everything i was. their are many details but i just want to keep it short as i need serious help i'm dying on the inside. shortly after this it seemed me and a few other friends were simultaneously experiencing what one would call a spiritual awakening and i was awakening to the truths and beauty of this world and our roles as souls on this earth here to lift each other up and love no matter what. ocd seemed a horrible nightmare of the past i fully defeated. this journey gave me a meaning to life,i found passion in my life for the first time in that it was a mission of mine to grow as a soul and help others grow. i transcended my pain and believed i was here to help others do the same. life is beautiful it has purpose. then i delved into the world psychedelics and had a beautiful trip on lsd. only recently 6 months after this trip i realised just recently i have hppd. my ocd intrusive thoughts and certain compulsions seem to be back. was this just a fucking delusion? i helped myself and so many others and breathed life into myself and others. but now i just feel robbed off who i was and this whole journey i truly believed this was leading somewhere beautiful. the onset of hppd has made me question this whole path and now i don't feel spiritual or awakened any more in the slightest. i look back on it like it's some fucking delusion and it breaks my heart. i would be able to manage this but the fact is i've became numb. i'm so afraid i'll remain numb for the rest of my life and that happy outgoing kid is a distant memory. i don't see myself living past 25, i'm soon to be 20 and have been a month of weed continuing college and work somehow. but life seems void of meaning because of how empty i've became again. will i be this way forever? the hppd and ocd isn't that bad. feeling numb is,it's the worst fucking thing in the world and i can't even smoke anymore to get any relief because the hppd will just intensify and it just gives me anxiety again now. will i ever feel emotions again guys? have i ruined my brain from the point of no return from smoking weed and one trip? i'm scared i have. if so life isn't worth living. i'm sorry this is long i didn't intend to be but i'm struggling so bad. i'm so numb and disconnected and everyday has become a robot routine of the same shit. what do i do? been referred to cbt therapy and scared i'm fucked to the point of no return. please help guys,i feel so fucking suicidal and can't bottle this no longer. i want myself back	😔
	😞
i'm fucking done with life and it's bullshit.that's it. i've given up. i've given up completely. now i know some of you are thinking "keep living" "it'll get better one day" "you can't give up" "you'll go to hell if you die" "god is testing your love for him don't give up on god" "life will get better" "reach out for help" blah blah blah. i've heard it all before. and it hasn't changed shit. i'm an 18 year old girl, and i'll never get to see the rest of life. it's too painful. first, for 13 years if my life, my mom fucked me up with abuse. she loved to call me names like a bitch, asshole, mother fuckerm retard, dumb, etc. she told me to kill myself so many times. looking back i should have done it. also my dad would sit back and watch everything, like it was a fucking comedy show. never did anything. even told me recently that i look good for a child that got abused and that i'm a liar. thanks a lot dad ! i guess you'll be happy i'm dead too. and my moms abuse didn't stop there. she'd also beat me with belts till i screamed for her to stop. bee kicking me down flights of stairs, telling my not to tell anyone so she won't go to jail, playing psychological mind games, saying sorry but then abusing me again. sometimes shed smile when abusing me. and people i did tell, would tell that i have to keep loving her cause she's my mother. at the age of thirteen, i developed major depression. everday i wanted to kill myself. mixed with being bullied at school, i was pushed to kill myself many times. back in may, i put on a social media site (vent) that i was gonna kill my self by overdosing. a friend who saw it called the police, where i was put in psychward for 2 weeks. when i got discharged i got to stay with my aunt and grandma. i'm still with them now, and although their loving and don't abuse me, they get angry at me for getting depressed. and i can't vent to my friends, cause they get fed up with me. my family gets fed up with me. i read the bible and pray but that does jack shit. i got bullied on so many other sites so i can't vent anywhere without being attacked, being told to die, or that i'm a selfish bitch who's incapable of help. every therapist i've been to got upset and angry at me. but it's ok. i need to realize that nobody loves me and never did. and like its cool. i was created to be abused and to be people's punching bags. i had a dream to one day be a manga artists/animator, psychologist, and writer. i have a 3.9 gpa in college for my first 2 semesters already. but it'll never done true. cause i'll be dead. maybe i should overdose, jump into train tracks. something. i'll have to finish up writing up my suicide letter and thinking of ways if suicide that'll bring instant death. i hope to all those that treated me like shit that you'll all be happy i'm dead. i have to remind myself that nobody loved me in the first place. goodbye, if anyone actually cares. probably nobody does cause, you know, i'm just a fucking punching bag.	😊
don't know what to do anymore i have quite a lot of issues. i have depression, anxiety as well as autism. i also get really disturbing thoughts in my head, so things have been pretty difficult for me recently. however, today, i iust don't know what to do anymore... i'll try and explain. just over a year a go, i got a girlfriend and honestly, things were amazing. i was so happy in the relationship. yes, i still did have some bad days, but she was there for me. she would comfort me and make me happy when i was upset. i love her so darn much. today, she called me saying we should break up. she said that we were drifting apart and things didn't feel right to her. i'm absolutely heart broken and devastated. i know it sounds cliche, but she means everything to me. almost all of my dreams and plans for the future revolved around her. we spent so much time together and had so many good memories, and she just ended it. i tried persuading her to give the relationship another chance, she said she didn't want to. she has some bad stuff going on too (she lost her grandfather recently) some people say it's stupid to kill yourself over a break up, but i just can't help how i feel i'm at that stage where i want to commit suicide, but also have some doubts about it at the same time (like being scared to do it and not wanting to upset my family) to be honest with you, i probably won't do it, but it's so tempting. it's the worst feeling i've ever had in my life. i'm guess i'm posting this for advice and your thoughts. tldr: i have some issues, girlfriend of over a year broke up with me, having suicidal thoughts	😔
how to die quickly, easily i have my reasons, i just want a simple and quick way out. any advice is appreciated . thanks.	👍
dissociation ok so i'm going to tell my life story from the begining. so my mother had her first kid at 12 and had me by the age of 14 and eventually went on to have five more kids by the age of 21 and we were all takin away and sent for adoption. but before that my biological family had me up to the age of 4, and i was already messed up in the head because i was getting abused by my aunt because my mom got pregnant by her sister best friend and she was jealous and took it out on me. and on top of that my family would just let me cry as a baby for hours on end and i ended up getting an outtie belly button. the reason we were taking into custody by dcfs is because my aunts boyfriend smothered one of my sisters in front of me and my sister and i remember all of it. at the time i had no idea what was happening. but as time went on and i got older i put the peices together. but anyways my aunt dropped us off at dcfs and her and her husband went on the run. since then i had went through 6 foster homes before getting adopted. these are the things i remember happening ( i had to put shoes on this fat women cause she couldnt do it) (i remember drinking either pee or bleach and i kept throwing up and the adpoted agencies were called ) the people that adopted me fostered me and my sister cierra together at first and decided not to keep her cause they thought she had to many issues. when they were fostering me my supposed to be mom was abusing us. i had issues with peeing the bed and she thought i'd do it on purpose but i wasn't and would lie to her and tell her i didn't pee cause i was scared of her. anyways as time went on they adopted me and my two other sisters got adopted together. and the other people i was with adopted me and they would let us visit and play. my sisters would have makeup and jewelry and i wanted the same but my mom wouldn't let me. then my mom cancels the play dates and said she didn't want me seeing my sisters again. at that time i had no idea why....i was like still 4. her reason behind it was because every time i saw them i would come back and act worse. the family i was in they had 4 kids themselves then went ahead and adopted another black daughter like me so i wouldn't feel left out being the only black daughter (so they say). my adoptive dad also had another daughter when he was 17 by another women so she was considered my half sister. so in total i had 6 siblings which made 7 kids total. my three oldest sister ages are 38 25 20 and i'm 19 then 16 and two 14 year old. all girls and 1 boy is 14 and the black girl is 14. by the time i started school when i was five i was adopted and my name was changed to kalyn. i was so talkative in school and was always getting in trouble. i was a very outgoing kid who was always happy. and always saying smart shitt. i was cursing alot when they first adopted me at 4 and they would make me eat spoonfuls of soap and make me do it and id be crying. that was the kind of environment i was around i didn't know better. i would also make fun of there daughter who at the time was 6 and she was really fat. but they would say stuff about me ..because im guessing theyd never really been around a black person. i felt out of place and ill tell you why. so growing up i was a hyper kid. they saw it and couldn't handle it. by the time school was over they didn't think i was ready for first grade and held me back. in school i was talkative didnt listen and through tantrums. i never got any attention at home except negative attention when my mom was trying to help me with my homework. she would even at home belittle hit and pick because i was that bad to her. shed get frustrated while doing homework and so would i cause i just couldn't get it and she wasn't patient and would just hit scream and belittle me. by the time i was in 1st grade i was on medicine. i had adhd and take pills for it. i also had bipolar disorder, oppositional defiant disorder, and compulsive disorder. they put me on all thus medicine when i started school to mellow me out. when i was taking the adhd pills it would make me not hungry and i wouldn't eat. and my mom would force me to eat and i would sit there for hours at the table crying because i just felt so stuff and couldn't eat. everything i did annoyed her. i did weird shitt as a kid. i'd talk to the tv. i sucked my thumb would walk on my tippy toes and she fixed all those except the thumb sucking i did that on my own. but anyways back to my too story i would throw my lunches away cause i wasn't hungry and tell them my mom wasn't caring for me cause she didn't give me lotion and stuff. so i got in trouble for that and she also had people in the school watching me to make sure i eat. when i was 6 i was sick and had to stay in my room all day watching winnie the pooh and i didn't wanna be up there so i started screaming and crying. i wasn't allowed to go downstairs at all. so she kept telling me to be quiet and i wouldn't and she finally came upstairs and started hitting and shaking me. she called the adopted agencies right in front of me and tried to get rid of me and they wouldn't take me. i was getting into sooo much trouble everyday and getting yelled at i started day dreaming a little bit in my head. i would play with my fingers when i got in trouble and was basically always doing something. i was a bad kid i even chewed up one of the wooden beds they had cause they used to send me to my room as a kid. and i continued to get in trouble in school. i made lots of friends in school it came naturally to me as a kid. im a gemini . i had got so close to a group of girls in school that they were threatening to beat my adopted sister up cause i told them she would pick on me at home and when i'd react i'd get in trouble for it. so they were gone beat her up on the bus and ended getting in trouble for it and my mom got a call home and i was in trouble. by the time i was 7 i really just started shutting down and just living in fear cause everything i did was wrong. they kept changing my medicine cause they thought it needed to be stronger and wed have to drive places going to therapy. the medicine was so strong it'd have me so knocked out i was drooling during the day so the switched it again. this time my neck would just spazz turn itself and just get stuck and lock. they had to rush me to a hospital and i got a shot and it was fixed.by the time i was 7 i was lieing and stealing to. but i was stealing stupid shitt from the house. get caught and get in big trouble . ## not finished just tired gn	😂
*trigger warning* my first suicide attempt i just need to get it off my chest, as i do not see anyone professionally or talk to my family about my suicidal tendencies.. anyway, about 1 year ago i attempted my first suicide. i was in the dumps so much i needed to escape (kinda like now tbh). i have an insomnia were i am stimulated by my own thoughts. kinda like when people get stimulated by their phones, but it's by my thoughts. and to add to that, the thoughts were of suicide.. anyway, because of my lack of sleep, my parents took to me the doctor who prescribed me some heavily sleeping pills. these certain pills i would take after dinner and after a shower, and then i'd lay in bed for about 45 minutes and they'd completely knock me out. like involuntarily knock me out. (keep in mind i am meant to take 2 for it to work) anyway, so the day comes... i pretend to take the tablets. and then wait impatiently in my bed till around 1am. i go out into the kitchen and down 8 pills. 4x the recommended amount. i cry my self to sleep, and boom, it's all black. my vision fades. i, unfortunately, wake up to my mother screaming in my face to wake up and that i was late for school. i felt horrible and it really hurt my lower stomach. i climb out of my bed sleepily and chuck on my school shirt. i entered school and went straight to the change room, and sleep on one of the benches. luckily, i'm not an important person, so i wake up around 2pm and walk to my math class. she looks at me and then gestures me to sit down. i sit down and sleep through the class. i get home from school and sleep until 10am. that means i haven't eaten breakfast, lunch, dinner. so you can imagine how shit i felt anyway thanks for reading.	😂
decrease survival instinct i'm curious as to how to stop or at least delay the effects of panic or 'survival instinct', if one were to attempt to kill themselves through exsanguination. any answers would be much appreciated i'm not looking for 'help', and i'm not going to kill myself. i would just like an answer please, thanks.	😊
the mind and body connection is reali was suicidal because who i believed to be the love of my life and soulmate ended things with me. he knows i've been depressed and suicidal, yet he continues to ignore my calls and texts. as a result, i've been more anxious than i've ever been. i haven't been taking care of myself. i've been eating terribly, not hydrating, and barely sleeping even though i stay in bed for hours at a time. so i haven't been feeling well---headaches, nausea, stomach pain, and so on. again, he knows this. i've told him, but he's been avoiding me instead. well, today i landed up in the er. i was vomiting all day. the pain in my head and lower back became unbearable. so, i went to the er for that (not suicidal ideation) and found out i had a kidney infection. i'm in relatively good health and don't have health issues, so for me, this was the last straw. i wanted to end my life because of this person. but because the stress from him not understanding me and avoiding me has led me to become physically ill, i am done chasing after him. he is not the love of my life and he is not my soulmate. whoever that person is (if they even exist) would understand my depression, anxiety, and thoughts of suicide. he wouldn't isolate me and leave me alone, confused, and sad. so if anyone out there is feeling like they want to end their life because another person didn't "value" you, then that shouldn't be the reason. i've learned the hard way that this person isn't worth your time and energy. because there is a deep connection between the mind and the body, so any psychologically stress will lead to chronic health issues as well. he wasn't worth the stress. i'm better off alone and i'm realizing that's okay and you should too. it might take a personal experience of some sort to realize it. i prayed to god yesterday wishing i was dead and then the next day i landed up in the er. life acts in mysterious ways. you never know what your struggle or your heartache or your loss will lead to. you may find your life purpose in that way.	❤️
i'm done. i really hate this.started up again in october 2020. started harming myself and eventually trying everything suicidal. i have been so close and still am so close. high school is kicking my ass. i'm getting help but i'm lying to everyone. i tell them i'm fine and i am not suicidal but i am right now. i want to die. 2021 can suck my ass cause i'm done. i'm so lonley nobody to talk to. i hate like 15 people and at least 5 have something they can blackmail me with. fuck this shit i'm done.	😔
i'm so suicidal that i just don't even care to take the time to explain	💔
bye byewhat the title says. i wish you all the best but i'm checking out. noose tied. sign written warning room mates not to open door. waiting for room mate to leave for class then i'll be free. .	😊
my life went to shit in a matter of hours so me and my girl got into an argument over text and later that night when we got home the argument furthered and she hit me so i left and called the police bc i was like. "okay, were gonna go in there with the police so i can grab a bag and stay at a hotel so nothing gets worse" but that's not even close to what happened. she freaked out when the police got there and they arrested her. her family was pissed so they kicked me out of the house we were staying in (we rented from them) and forced me to live in my car. so now i've been homeless for a month, can't even afford food most days because as soon as i get paid it all goes towards bills since i'm on a single paycheck now. and i get zero social interaction because everyone hates me. every morning i wake up the idea of killing myself gets alittle bit stronger. i hate myself and my life. not only did i lose the love of my life but i lost everything else i had except for my car and 7 days worth of clothes.	😂
please don't do it your life is worth it. please don't do it you are worth living. i was just in your spot a couple days ago and glad i didn't make that mistake. i know it's hard and you just want the pain and misery to go away but you can beat this. there's someone out there that cares about you if you think someone doesn't. someone will miss you. if you need to talk i'm here. just don't do it.	😔
goodbye, world goodbye i hope my soul will be happier whatever it is that comes after this im sorry to eevryone whos been hurt by my existence , im sorry to my own body, im sorry to myself	❤️
help? i'm goimg to be real straight forward with this. i feel isolated in this reality and the thought of existing on this planet really pisses me off from time to time. i'm actually 14 right now but i feel that when i get older i'm like to go mental and plan a massacre and like shoot up some school likely as a suicide attempt. could anyone help me out?	🤔
need help with reply to mom's ideations i had to call the police on her last night. her boyfriend notified me that she was about to drink some fatal concoction. i was out of town, thank god, but stuck in the backseat of a car for two hours. they got to her before she did anything. i think i want to start out by thanking her for her honesty, and that she wants to get help. other than that i just feel lost. she has hurt me emotionally many times growing up, but since i left home she's changed for the better. background: she was sexually assaulted by a sibling as a child and the whole thing was covered up by her family, was a victim of two other sexual assault incidents, and raised multiple children on her own after my dad died of an overdose. i'm the oldest and i was almost three when that happened. she's definitely shouldered so much trauma. her message to me: "i am very sorry you were involved at all. in either situation. the truth is that i have not been well for a very long time. each day is riddled with thoughts of death and hopelessness. i have not wanted to burden you with this, but in response to your email i will be completely honest. i have a deep desire to die. everyday. i have multiple plans of ways to die that ensures no one i love finds me and also allows ya'll to get my life insurance. at any given moment of any given day i am moments away from ending my life. i am very sorry to hurt you. that is the last thing i want. you, [sibling], and [sibling] are the only reasons i don't follow through. it sickens me to think of the aftermath ya'll would be left with, so i trudge on trying to find moments of peace and joy. i'm so tired. i'm so weary. i beg god to take me. i am not trying to be dramatic, i just really want it all to be over. this is why i am getting help. the times i have said out loud that i am going to do harm to myself have not been empty threats, i have simply been able to stop myself. if things don't change soon, i will not be able to stop myself. i would never want to cause you pain, but i know it seems to be all i am capable of. i have let you down so many times. please forgive me. please know i am trying so hard to get help and to get better. i am sorry."	😔
the time has come... my life is absolutely mundane. my life is the worst. i am not loved, have no friends, bullied and judged. you know what i'm done with this. the time is here. the time has come to end. my. life. now. i'm sorry for existing, i didn't think i can be a problem. i am going to kill myself soon. thanks for helping me, but i think my life is at the end of the line. if i no longer existed here, i'll one problem less for people to deal with. they are going to be more happier if i am gone. goodbye, everyone...	👋
look guys these aren't my problems it's a friend 's. he said he wants advice. please do your best. he said "okay, let's put it this way, all started back in school when i was the silent one, never got involved in large groups ect, when i was half way through year 10 i started getting violent, i put a lad in my year in hospital, i felt no remorse or anything, i found myself a girlfriend.. on our year anniversary, she left me for another guy after she told me she loved me, and she told me she was pregnant with my child.. she made her sister and friend lie for her to.. i found out the truth of one of her best friends.. that was actually alright & hate my ex for what she did, i tried to commit suicide & ended up in hospital so i got into a drug problem instead.. i finally got over it and found someone new, she cheated, left me for someone, then cheated on him with me.. messed me about.. so i took a break.. i finally found a girl that i loved at first sight, 2 years and 10 months, i got accused/arrested for rape a year into our relationship.. i told her to leave because it doesn't look good i didn't do it obviously and after 2 months she admitted it was a lie but i went through hell.. interviews, tests.. lost everything, lost friends over it.. but she stuck by me.. i tried to commit suicide again because of it though. she made me promise her i wouldn't ever do that.. i loved her that much i asked her to marry me & we was engaged, i got everything sorted for her.. one argument broke us up and i lost her for good.. i've never felt any better since.. i keep self harming & drinking to take the pain away of it all.. i've got so many scars down my arms & took 4 overdoses.. i can't deal with it.. i've walked in front of a bus at one point and if it wasn't for my best friend dragging me back.. i wouldn't be here.. i couldn't do counciling or doctors without breaking down in tears & crying cause i can't do it on y own.. i scare myself what i'm gonna end up doing if things get bad again.. i don't know what the fuck to do " his brother even assaulted him and he feels like he has a concussion.	😔
it's weird to me bc when i think about suicide out loud it seems like an extreme sometimes but when i'm in my head alone i keep having things thought that i shouldn't be here , let's leave this world it feels overwhelming like i wanna cry but i have nothing left inside to bring me tears only 24	😔
summer jobs will be the death of me i'm sorry if this comes off as whiney and first-class problems but i'm upset and need to vent about how i'm feeling. my mom has been pressuring me to get a job since the start of the 2017-2018 school year. it hasn't been helpful pressuring either (if there even is that kind of stuff) it's been screaming matches and nitpicking my resume until i don't even recognize my own words. it's getting to be late june, i've just filled out an application for chipotle and i never got the call back even after the interviewer told me i did really well. i was bummed. i'm starting to get burned out cuz places like kfc don't even want me. i can't get a single measly call back let alone the actual job. i want a job to pay for the stuff my parents won't (i'm 17), like clothes and dr's appointments and stuff. i don't even have a cell phone because my mom took mine away years ago and never gave it back. my boyfriend has a really great job at noodles and lots of friends and he loves it there. i'm so incredibly jealous of him. i would work as a garbage collector of it meant i could just have something to do. i can't get the motivation to apply to places anymore. i just got into a giant argument with my mom about how i'm a slacker and i never apply myself. i just want it to end. i really do. i know this is such a lame thing to consider ///death/// over but there's only so much rejections a person can take before she sees it as an issue. my family is lower middle class and i know the extra money after i'm gone (bye bye college fund) would really help them. my sister wouldn't have to grow up seeing a toxic mindset (she's 9, i'm not a good role model). my boyfriend would have a better girlfriend and a less toxic relationship as i can imagine my 3am suicide rants aren't a good thing for him. my friends wouldn't have to deal with my crap anymore either. i'm such a worthless kid i don't do anything. i'm not in sports, theater or on the student council. i'm just a kid who likes to write and apparently i'm not good enough and cut out to live past my teenage years. thank you for letting me rant, i'm sorry it's so long. i just feel so lonely and awful all the time and this unemployment is really not helping. i just needed someone to listen to me.	😊
terrible day ..... today was the worst day i've had in a long time. this year has been pretty bad for me as i attempted suicide three times and got put in respite care. however i changed an anti-seizure medication ( suicide is a side effect written on the packet, believe it or not )i was on and i've been a lot better. today however i talked to my ex and she said she was dating someone and i should too. it triggered some thing in me. i was crying all day, had to smoke a little weed to try and move the on going suicidal thoughts. i ended up just cutting me thigh instead. it scares me because i thought this depression was due to the chemical imbalance in my brain caused by the meds. when i have days like this i wonder if this is just me and not the medication. thanks for listening.	❤️
everyone wants me to die. i wish i could give them what they want. i keep trying and nothing works. i always wake up the next day.	😔
i don't know how to kill myselfshould i overdose? too unpredictable. should i hang myself? i don't see a good place where i can hang myself cause i am fat as fuck and i need a really strong support. should i jump off a bridge? sounds like a good way to go but i don't have any bridge around that is high enough for me to be able to die. should i shoot myself? no gun allowed in my country. should i cut my neck? i don't want to die in a disturbing way like that. should i cut my wrist and bleed to death? i like the idea of bleeding to death but i never cuted my wrist and the scar would be horrible if i survived. i just don't know what method to use and i am not sure if i wanna die.	😕
guys, if you ever need anyone to talk to, i'm here, and you're never alone. life really isn't easy and maybe we'll all going through the same or similar situation, where you feel like there's no reason to wake up in the morning anywhere. if you ever feel like you need someone to talk with, i'm here. and perhaps by motivating one another, we can all win this battle together. hope you're all having a wonderful wednesday, and if you're having a bad day, then hope tomorrow will be 200% better than today! love you all !	❤️
i can't stand it anymore... hey everyone :) in the past 6 months i have been through something that cause depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts. i don't want to tell what exactly happened since it's still affecting my life. anyway, 6 months later and i still can't stop thinking about it. in fact, i'm thinking about it now more than i used to do before. i caused so many troubles to so many people. the person i care the most of hates me, and she will never forgive me. i love her more than myself, but i just couldn't keep it inside anymore, so i did something that kinda ruined her life (no, i'm not kidding, i literally ruined her freaking life). i used to think that i'm a nice person, but right noe, i don't know what i am anymore. everyone tells me that it is not my fault. they tell me that i better off without her. i know that what they say is right, but i just can't let her go. i think about her and about it 24/7, i can't be at school because of an anxiety i developed because of what's happened. i can't stay at home because all i wanna do is hurt myself. i'm really.our of options. i'm so sorry i ruined her life, but she doesn't care anymore. i want to kill myself for more than a week now. i was scared of doing this before, but now, i think that i might actually die. i'm not afraid of it anymore... please, just help me	😞
i don't know.hello. i don't know how to describe what i feel, my head is a complete mess these last days. i don't know what to do with my life. don't know what do do and think. sorry if this writing is a little long, you don't have to read it all, but thanks if you do. it's just a relief for my self to write something down and share, i don't know hopefully i'll feel a little better then. english isn't my first language as well so sorry for that too. i just feel completely empty and lonely. even though i have people around me who 'care'. i don't know where to start but let me say, i have been feeling different for as long as i can remember. as a young girl is was afraid of others, crowded places and to be judged. i can remember a moment where i was like 5: there was some kind of a celebration at school i didn't wanted to attend to because i was afraid of other people (?). mom let me stay at home. my childhood and teenage years are a blur, but this is what i remember where it all started. if i was afraid of something, my parent let me decide what to do. that caused that i am always on the background, even for now. i was thinking about suicide when i was probably 17/18. wrote many notes. at that moment i didn't even wanted to turn 18 and just wanna die. leave the world, because no one will miss me anyways. i went to collage, didn't felt at home. had to go with the bus everyday, feeling so damn insecure and wanted to die so bad. cried myself to sleep so many times. i couldn't compare myself to others. still don't. i (somehow) finished school. haven't got a driver license bc i thought i wouldn't be here for long so it wasn't needed. i didn't had the money as well. i'm 27, and still here. nothing changed in those years. i feel ashamed. old school friends are getting married and having children .. this voice in my head says i don't deserve this so why comparing myself to others. it's the only thing i know. i went to a psychiatrist a few years ago, didn't helped at all. they kinda forced me to be in this group with other people i didn't feel comfortable with at all, i had nothing in common with them. i was mad. still taking medication which also doesn't help imo. i'm so disappointed in my self. why didn't i take my life away when i was 18!? ten years later: i'm not living but surviving life. escaping reality. i absolutely never know why i felt this way. those talks with the psychiatrist didn't help because i myself even didn't know what happened in life that make me feel so disgusted about myself. about a week or two ago i came across an article about emotional abuse/neglect. i felt like my heart was sinking and at the same moment everything felt in place. my parent didn't support the things i did, never took me serious when i was afraid of things that seemed to be normal, or the things i was excited about. never focused on the things i found difficult at school or helped me with that. this has lead to so many things as an adult, i feel stupid and unneeded. we never went on vacation as a family, they were always focusing with their own business. i still love them, don't get me wrong. i'm just disappointed and wish i could do this all over again. there are so many more things i wanted to write down, but i feel like a burden and don't want to bother you all with my stupid words. i'm sorry. i just hope i'm not the only one. i hope there's one person who reads this and thinks: finally, i'm not the only one. who experienced the same, and i want to tell you that i love you and i'm proud you're still here. because living this life when you feel you don't belong, i can't tell you, it's not easy.	❤️
this was posted in the bereavement sub. grieving myself and didn't know what to say. if you can help, please do! <url>	❤️
last acti'm gonna have some fun before i go. i'm doing the world a favor by going but first i want to burn through all my cash on movies booze hookers etc. then i'll burn all my stuff so no one else can have it and disappear	😁
finding it hard to continueyesterday my partner died of suicide. he left me a note explaining i was his world and he loved me but he was in too much pain and nothing was improving for him. that i was in a place in his heart. it hurts a lot. i miss him so much. i'm going around with his scarf around my neck. i miss him so much it hurts. i just really want to join him in death	😭
i'm too far gone	😔
four days ago, somebody's dog saved my life.i was walking down an empty street, gun in hand, looking for the perfect spot to sit down and just... kill myself, i guess. i don't know a better way to put it than that. it was about midnight, it had just stopped raining. nobody was outside, even the streetlights weren't on. i had my phone on me, it was at 67%. i was listening to "modern loneliness" by lauv (great song), and was planning on ending it after my phone died. about an hour into my walk, i noticed something moving in the street. it was a dog. it had on what i believed to be a shock collar, it was whimpering(?), just looking at me. as i got closer it moved to the side of the road. i passed by the dog and continued on my journey, but after hearing something behind me, i took out one earbud and turned around to see him about ten feet behind me, now back in the road. i just kind of stood there for a few seconds. he started slowly making his way toward me, and i was cautious but i stuck out my hand, ready to pet the little guy. i knelt down and started petting him, telling him about my day and everything that had been going on. it just kind of happened. i wasn't thinking, i guess i just needed to tell *somebody*. i don't know how long we sat in the road, but it felt like roughly 20 minutes. a car started to drive our way. i stood up and walked to the side of the road, followed by the dog. after the car had passed, i looked down at him and i just didn't really have the urge to kill myself at that moment. i had been planning this for months and now i just didn't want to anymore. i gave him a pat on the head and started walking back home. the next day i ordered one of those gift baskets for dogs off of the internet, and dropped it off at the house at which i had seen the dog. i haven't walked by there since then, and i'm not really sure if i'm still planning on killing myself any time soon, but i know that, had that dog not been there, i would probably be dead right now. so thank you, random person's dog	❤️
the mind and body connection is real i was suicidal because who i believed to be the love of my life and soulmate ended things with me. he knows i've been depressed and suicidal, yet he continues to ignore my calls and texts. as a result, i've been more anxious than i've ever been. i haven't been taking care of myself. i've been eating terribly, not hydrating, and barely sleeping even though i stay in bed for hours at a time. so i haven't been feeling well---headaches, nausea, stomach pain, and so on. again, he knows this. i've told him, but he's been avoiding me instead. well, today i landed up in the er. i was vomiting all day. the pain in my head and lower back became unbearable. so, i went to the er for that (not suicidal ideation) and found out i had a kidney infection. i'm in relatively good health and don't have health issues, so for me, this was the last straw. i wanted to end my life because of this person. but because the stress from him not understanding me and avoiding me has led me to become physically ill, i am done chasing after him. he is not the love of my life and he is not my soulmate. whoever that person is (if they even exist) would understand my depression, anxiety, and thoughts of suicide. he wouldn't isolate me and leave me alone, confused, and sad. so if anyone out there is feeling like they want to end their life because another person didn't "value" you, then that shouldn't be the reason. i've learned the hard way that this person isn't worth your time and energy. because there is a deep connection between the mind and the body, so any psychologically stress will lead to chronic health issues as well. he wasn't worth the stress. i'm better off alone and i'm realizing that's okay and you should too. it might take a personal experience of some sort to realize it. i prayed to god yesterday wishing i was dead and then the next day i landed up in the er. life acts in mysterious ways. you never know what your struggle or your heartache or your loss will lead to. you may find your life purpose in that way.	❤️
uh oh. i feel sorry for my friends i'm a massive burden i can see it and some are just used to me saying i wanna die everyday so i said i would surprise them one day and they were like how is that gonna be a surprise well i mean its just gonna happen and like i seem like a huge as burden with the amount of crap i put on them that they listen to like i only truely tell 2 people stuff not even 2 but it still feels like it. and life's this massive burden that's killing me like woah it's a aggressive but it's cool i love being attacked by life	😂
diagnosed with schizophrenia. i'm 16. hey all. as the title suggests, i was diagnosed with schizophrenia a few days ago. i'm only 16. i've lost all of my friends at school, even those who i thought i could trust. my best friend (or so i thought he was my best friend) told the whole school, and now everyone thinks i'm crazy and should be "put away." i'm so scared, alone, and desperate. i'm thinking about killing myself, i don't know what to do or who to go to! any advice at all would be very kind and appreciated. thank you. edit: thank you!!! thank you all for the advice that you've given me today, it really has brightened my day! update: <url>	😊
i don't care what anyone says....there's only one winner in russian roulette. i'm so tired of fighting my demons from day to day. i wanna be that winner for once. but after my last massive suicide attempt in 2016, i made a stupid fucking promise to my family that i wouldn't attempt to take my life again because i watched my family shatter. now i regret that promise and all i think about is ending this joke i call a life. i'm so done. what do i do about this stupid promise? i don't know how much longer i can keep it!!!	😭
i wish i could obtain mahasamadhithat's just consciously leaving the body for good and not considered as a suicide. but only trained yogis know how to obtain mahasamadhi.	😔
ive fucked up once again #justkillmepls need advice rn i'm done i've fucked up i will never forgive myself tomorrow is my birthday and i can't take it is it just me or is it the fact that i wanna be dead rn someone pls just shoot me it'll come a day where i'll fuck up again and it'll probably be my last before ppl give up and leave i'm probably best dead honestly #justkillmepls	😭
when do you stop telling your friends your feelingsfor the past 7 months or so i've been depressed. i was pretty much in denial if i was or not but then i got diagnosed by a therapist/psychologist. anyway, it's been getting really bad lately and i feel the need to tell my friends what i'm going through. but the thing is they think i'm getting better. i've lied to them about pretty much everything because i feel like they shouldn't be burdened by my own problems when i'm sure they have issues in their personal lives as well. one friend in particular knows about everything i've gone through but again, i've lied to him saying i'm making progress. and i'm certain he believes me. this whole "faking me being ok" thing was been going on for about 3 months now. part of me feels guilty because i know they care about me and if i was in their shoes i would want my friends to tell me. but another part of me understands that they aren't my therapist and i shouldn't be relying on them to check up on me and see if i'm ok, because it's not their responsibility. it's my own. i guess i just want someone to blatantly ask to my face if i'm ok just so i can have an excuse to open up and be honest. ugh this sucks i just want a hug or something, i don't even know what i want or need at this point. but i'll end it here because this has gotten long enough and i'm rating.	😔
bedridden with ideation. anyone on runescape 3 to play and talk things through/distract each other?i've been suicidal for a long time, usually ideation. i've finally took the courage to call a crisis hot line, and after 3 calls i've found they are just too scripted to be of help. they're probably suicidal too :( so i've taken back to vid games to distract me. vid games help distract the thoughts, and i just recently got back into runescape 3. i'd love to have someone to play and chat with on there. ( i'm free to play servers) maybe make a few good online friends this way like i did back in the day! i know these are coping mechanisms but i'm trying. and i'm also here to listen to you empathetically, because obviously if you're gonna respond with a username or so you're not in the best place either. looking forward to helping each other through video games and active listening	❤️
the time has come... my life is absolutely mundane. my life is the worst. i am not loved, have no friends, bullied and judged. you know what i'm done with this. the time is here. the time has come to end. my. life. now. i'm sorry for existing, i didn't think i can be a problem. i am going to kill myself soon. thanks for helping me, but i think my life is at the end of the line. if i no longer existed here, i'll one problem less for people to deal with. they are going to be more happier if i am gone. goodbye, everyone...	👋
endin my shit all my life i've been guilt tripped by both parents and i didn't even know. it's super draining waking up in the morning and getting shit because i'm not smart like my brothers are or being told to leave everyone alone because i'm annoying. i was constantly told i was the reason why they fight and they would somehow they would always get my other siblings to add onto giving me shit with them. and now i've had enough. i'm tired of them controlling how i feel and how i live but there's really nothing else i can do. i'm not legally able to leave my parents and live by myself cuz i'm not old enough. and so i'm just gonna take some of those sleeping pills and wish for the best. no more getting told that i'm an idiot. no more of hearing them argue about stupid bullshit that only inflate their egos. no more fucking stress.	✌️
my speech disorderis making me feel the only way is to killmyself and is because i can't order food or to talk with someone in phone i can't take good grades in college or to get a job of my dream, everything is so hard i can't say my name to the last, and i don't have friends because of it, i can't countine with this all my life i don't know how i will won money to live, everything is so hard i'm so fucking loneliest just in room and dark all days, i know that has people that are more bad than me but, and i can't live with this pain all my life as stuttering therapy is not giving effect, oh my god i'm so young i had much dreams just i'm overthinking everyday so much pain in my heart, oh god i can't handle this, and my therapist said to me that the situation is not improving, i swear i'm just surviving all those fucking years, even i decide to live i will live in pain all my life,and in the end i will surely end up with mental problems, i don't want from you to tell me do u want to talk or don't give up because this has no positive effect on me, just i'm trying to tell you all that what this monster is able to do to me, just in my phone in my room dark and thinking and thinking to much, i will stop this feeling soon and i will sleep forever peacefully, i love myself for that i don't want to feel pain. loveyouall	🖤
it's like a loading bar, and i'm at 98% complete. hi! 23[f] and almost ready to die! i have a few more affairs to get in order, but ultimately it's happening soon. it's honestly the only thing that brings me joy when i think about it. i am a weak, ungrateful, lonely and hurtful person who shouldn't be allowed to live. my boyfriend is moving out today because he also understands, i have made him take on too much responsibility in caring for my mental health, and he can't take it anymore. he is honestly the only person i care about and would do anything for, and i'm sure he knows what i'll do as soon as we get all of his things packed up and moved out. if he is okay with this, this is the final omen in the end of my life. i am honestly at peace with this, and just wanted you all to know that sometimes the world really is better off without certain people in it. i am one of those people. feel relief that the world population will be a bit more under control when people like me are weeded out through no inconvenience to you. i love you and hope this is a butterfly effect that ends up doing something fantastic!	❤️
urge to cut i need to talk to someone	😞
what is wrong with me?i just got a beautiful perfect puppy but i want to die so much. i just don't think i can take care of her and myself at the same time. i just feel like she would be happier without me i feel so alone	😞
tonight's the night thank you everyone that tried to help. it's too late for me. i hurt her and i'll never forgive myself. y'all are stronger. keep fighting the good fight. sad boi out.	❤️
am i losing my mind over loneliness? overthinking it?hello friends! i need your help in understanding why i'm ignored and seemingly despised by the people i meet. i apologize for the text wall. even typing "friends" made me feel weird. i say so because all my friends, without exception, fail to text me every now and then. i find myself reaching out to them way more often than they reach out to me. i'm a dark skinned guy, well kempt (brush my teeth well, shower thrice a day). i'm eager to connect with people, but since high school, i've noticed that my peers don't seem to want to include me when a team has people of different races. i've noticed the same trend when another guy my race is in a poly-racial group - the dude is sorta *there, y*ou know? just hangin' around, not involved in the group project. no one asks him his opinion, and he must barge in to make himself heard, at which point they look at him like he's an alien who's rudely interrupted their convo. i've felt the same. it was even more humiliating when a kid two years younger than me told me to shut up and that no one cared about what i had to say. :/ idk why lol, was too afraid to ask and humiliate myself further, in front of five other kids. not trying to play the race card to gain sympathy, but my cousin, who's the same race, got picked on at the same hs. they'd say where's x? all i can see is his shadow! my cousin x has darker skin than me... and mind you, this was the school year 2017-2018. i'm seriously confused as to why people seem to hate conversing with me. my accent is just like theirs too, so it can't be a language barrier. i'm friendly, although i do make sex jokes from time to time, because i think it'll make people like me more. regarding culture, i don't like subscribing to the new gangsta/slang/pop culture all that much. it seems way too haughty to me. maybe that's why they can't relate? i don't use a lotta slang/hand signs etc. i also don't use instagram/facebook/snapchat/twitter/tiktok. i don't even have accounts. apparel: i think i need to say that i don't wanna spend a lot of my parents' money on clothes. i own a **single** pair of running shoes, and a couple shorts and few shirts, and a couple jackets. i think it might be this one, because a friend called me a cheap-ass once for wearing my favorite yellow hoodie thrice the same week. tech: i don't have the airpods or apple watch or the latest iphone. didn't have a phone in high school. i have the 8 plus, a 15" mbp bought in 2018, and solo3 wireless headphones. **consequences:** because of the constant ignorance, i tend to suppress my eagerness to connect and be part of the group. even when i approach someone to converse with them, i lose all my confidence and what comes out is an embarrassing stammer. obviously, they think i'm weird, and turn to the person next to them to converse with them instead. when i'm at home, i *rarely* stammer. i feel so fucking embarrassed. i'm also a little emotional for a guy. i don't like being an arrogant alpha male type. heck, i'm crying right now as i write this post. i feel like everyone else's having fun in college, except me. even at a nearby church, everyone's paired up, boyfriend-girlfriend. it felt really awkward being alone in my pew. i took the bus there, but i couldn't bear being seen by everyone else at church. so as soon as mass was over, despite the hard rain, i ran toward the bus stop to beat them to it. unfortunately, my plan didn't work. i saw the bus approach, and knew that i couldn't bear to ride the bus with them. so i started running away at night in the rain, without an umbrella, despite my fellow church-goers calling after me saying, "hey wait! the bus is here!" i ran all the way home to my dorm like a wimp. i can't ever show my face there again. can anyone else relate? thanks so much for taking time to read this :) god bless. \- your friend, skyaintthelimitbro	😊
i guess death is the only way... my life has been horrible. i have no friends, nobody loves me. i keep being bullied and judged. there is no point for me to move on with my life. i guess death is the only way... it's the only way to get rid of the pain.... i'm going to do it soon. thanks for trying to help me, but i think i've reached the end of the line. it's time to stop living for good. goodbye...	👋
sigh....i confronted (ldr) girlfriend... again. started crying and denying.. she hung up and said she couldn't do this tonight. from a good/decent day/night, communicating, talking, to this. why do i love this damn girl so much? i hate her. *sigh* i'm so heartbroken, depressed, sad. i can't sleep anymore... i don't know what to do.. i feel so trapped. so empty. so dead...	😔
i need help. i don't know what to do anymore. i'm losing hope.i can't stop thinking about it. one day i had got really into it, if you know what i mean, and accidentally ordered an adult toy (starts with a d). i hated myself for it. i didn't mean too and totally regretted it. once it had arrived, i looked at it and was disgusted in myself. i had requested a return so that i wouldn't have to deal with it but the company said no and that they would just refund me. i was glad to get my money back but it still meant i had to deal with the damn thing. i just got home from school and had dinner. my mom told me about 20 minutes after we were done eating that she had seen what i had in my closet. i knew what she was talking about. we had a long conversation and i told her on how i mistakenly ordered it and wanted to return it but they said no. there was no yelling involved just tears. she said that she believed me but i still feel like she doesn't and she thinks i'm gay. i don't know why i was so stupid to order it. i didn't even want it in the first place. we went to talking about that to how i believe that i'm stupid, and ugly. she told me to not think of that and that i wasn't stupid or ugly. again lots of tears. i can't stop thinking about it though. the feeling she may have had finding it. she told me she got sad when she saw it. i want to throw up now. i've been trying to get my mind off the topic since it was hours ago but i still can't. i feel like i disappointed her by my stupidity. i don't know what to do. i had never thought of suicide but now i'm thinking of it more than ever. i don't have to feel like this anymore. i don't have to deal with how much of a disappointment i am. i don't think i've ever been as sad as i am now. i'm crying writing this and i feel like the world is better off with me dead. please i need help. i'm losing hope faster than ever	😭
i love youi love helping people, even tho i'm insanely depressed myself. pm me so we can talk	❤️
starting the gym today, thank you for all the support you have gave me, you guys are awesome :) 🏻	👍
why do i always feel this way so i'm definatly not on here for attention and i guess its more that i just need help or someone to talk to but man have i been having a tough time lately and it just seems like ill look back and just everything in my life seems like a big failure i go back to my youngest memories as a kid and even then i am like wow you were always at the bottom in life, i dont look bad either and im very outgoing and sociable too, some would even consider me to be the life of the party but man if these people spent a minute in my head theyd be in for a real shocker. i dont know what's wrong with me but i cant stop blaming myself hating myself and everything negative that goes with it and it seems like i don't have the willpower either to get ahead because i constantly feel like shit or when it starts getting good then boom something bad happens so its like this constant feeling of failure and it just makes me want to give up i don't actually want to commit suicide i just want to feel better and stop telling myself that i'm better to the world dead	😔
i don't know how i feel hi guys, just want to take a moment to talk with you all. please excuse formatting because i'm on mobile, and this is a throwaway/alt i just made. to be perfectly honest with you, i don't know why i feel what i'm feeling right now. at the moment it is 1:02am where i live, and i have 2 school projects due tomorrow that i have already gotten an extension for both. the first one i'm like halfway done, and the second one is a 3500 word essay. keep in mind i've had a solid 6 months to do both of these i'm just an idiot. sorry for this context. if i think about it, i feel like this all started about a year and a half ago. i had an accident riding my motorbike and fractured a vertebrae. not much, but enough to be in pain for a while. i have put on 25+ kilograms of fat, stopped sport and lost all motivation. i still haven't fully recovered. i miss sport and motorbike riding and running so so badly. right now i look in the mirror and i'm disgusted. i don't even want to live anymore. anyway, these projects due, if i don't hand them in i won't get my high school diploma and therefore can't go to uni. my parents have paid good money for me to go to private school and i can't fucking do anything for them even. i sit around watching netflix all day because i can't bring myself to do my school work. and when it comes to crunch time, i literally think of putting a belt around my neck and hanging myself. i used to be repulsed by these thoughts but now... they seem pleasant. i'm a huge waste of time and money. i can see the disappointment and annoyance in my parents eyes when i tell them that i need them to ask for an extension from school for my project yet again because i haven't done it, using my back as an excuse. i think about life beyond school and how cool it will be, but i just lack the motivation to get there. i just feel like lying in bed all day every day. i don't tell anyone these feelings because it will only make my situation worse. but these feelings... i cross a main road when i walk to school every day. i just want a car to hit me... i don't know. i just don't want to exist anymore - it's killing me. sorry mum and dad, i just hate life, i hate how i am right now and i don't know if i can ever change. i haven't planned the specifics, but this will be a mercy killing.	🙃
first and last post under this usernameit's time for me to say goodbye. i don't recall the last time i had a modicum of desire to live or get help to live. i've seen multiple therapists, many who said i was too fudged up for them to see and referred me out. i've tried what feels like every antidepressant out there. i'm not close to my family, who publicly shamed me about my depression and suicidal tendencies. i've lashed out at and pushed away any and all friends. i have no romantic relationship. i live on my own. if i were to have some breaking news to share, i literally would have no one to call or text. i'm $350-400k+ in debt from student loans. i've failed to get into the one career i was relatively excited to get into x3. i don't have a job lined up and my contract with the current one ends soon. i don't know where i will live. the one last confidant i had told me we shouldn't talk anymore (understandable given how toxic i am) and proceeded to share everything with his girlfriend who i have never met and told me to call 911 (not understandable and imo, a breach of my trust in him). i've been dealing with crippling depression and have had to choose between that versus binging and purging a minimum of 10 times a day (thanks eating disorder). the first and most likely only way i'll be found will be due to the stench of my corpse. thankfully, the coronavirus lockdown is facilitating my death. i sincerely hope i don't wake up tomorrow. if in the most unfortunate event i do, i'll have a decision to make. i've been told to get help and to commit myself. the issue is that it requires me to actually give a crap and *want* to continue living and *want* to get better. i honestly, genuinely have no idea what that even feels like and don't care for it. i'm beyond saving because i didn't want or care to be saved. i've been guilt tripped into living, and fyi - never do that because for someone like me, continuing to live is excruciating enough without being guilt tripped or blackmailed. i have no desire to live or get better. i haven't for years. i've been a mindless meat suit with little to no integration into or contribution to society for the past 5+ years. i've already sent out packages and letters to people who were important to me but left. i know my death will hurt my immediate family but i literally have no one else in my life that would odd me or even know i'm gone. i'm selfish and i've been so detached from everyone that frankly, i don't care and when i'm dead, i definitely won't care. good luck and best of wishes to everyone on here. i've seen a lot of posts expressing a will to live and that is a wonderful desire to have. i truly hope that you can find and get the help you need by whatever means. you *are* important and you are your strongest advocate. please take care of yourselves. you do you.	❤️
please die already. nothing matters, anymore. she's gone and won't ever come back. no matter how much i miss her, she'll never be back. ever. it's over. why did this happen? where did everything go so wrong? why isn't she coming back? she should've been back by now. doesn't she want to apologize? does she have any idea how she made me feel? what she's still putting me through? does she know i'm going to die soon? even if she knew, would she care? she probably thinks i don't ever want to speak to her again. that's not a reason to not at least try, though. like a hit and run; just leave me alone to die and take no responsibility. i'm innocent. i don't deserve anything she did to me. even if she didn't feel the same, why not just lie to make me happy? why insist upon gutting me to the bone when all i'd ever done was look up to her and love her? she's cruel. she has to be cruel. but, i love her so much. how could i say that...? what is wrong with me? what is wrong with her? why isn't she back, yet? it's been over a month. isn't she worried about me? doesn't she miss me? it sure doesn't seem like it. she's forgotten all about me and all the time we spent together. it's all just one gigantic joke to her. she doesn't understand. she already had a replacement for me the day we met. i know it. i'm worthless. i never meant anything to her. then why am i suffering right now? what did i do? why is no one listening to me? why do they do nothing but belittle me when i try to explain how i feel? as if they have any idea how i feel. talking down to me as though it's just so easy to forgive and forget. i'm dying and nobody cares. the one person i want to care will never care. she's gone. so long. that's fine. i'll die missing you, kooblublu. and i wouldn't want it any other way. i love you. xx	💔
don't want pity, just advice i'm a 17 year old girl from illinois and i've been struggling for a while now. there's not a ton in my life to cause this; my job is super stressful but i enjoy it, i have a mentally/verbally abusive stepfather and my mother is hyper-emotional which takes a toll but isn't it. i have good friends, a longterm boyfriend who's good to me (until recently but i'll get into it), i have things in life that keep me interested enough, but no matter what i just wanna end my life. i've tried everything i know to, i've been through therapy but my mom had me stop going and i'm too busy to start again now (but i'm too scared to tell anyone because the full extent of how i feel because i don't wanna be hospitalized or put on meds) the only person i've told is my boyfriend, and i only told him because he noticed me taking things out on him and being upset all the time and i felt bad. he freaked out and now we fight about everything all the time because he said it's "not fair" to him. i know it's a lot to put on someone, but i promise i'm not holding him back. i'm not planning on doing anything, but i can't get the thoughts out of my head and every reason to stay i've exhausted. yes i'm young and have life to live but who cares? haven't pet every dog? whatever. my parents would be sad? my mom just had another baby anyway, and my dad's so busy with good things in his life so i'm sure they'd move on. i just can't find any reason to stay anymore, and i'm so tired of trying to fix myself. it's been almost a year, i've tried everything i can think of, what can i do?	🖤
scalpel, pills or a jump?how to end it? i can slit my wrists, i have a lot of paracetamol and sleeping pills, or should i get more? or maybe jump from a bridge? beautiful view it has! so much to choose from. help me	😊
last night (my story)last night i took 30 midol pills. expecting to just die i climbed into bed. then it hit. at this point i regretted it. i called poison control and told them i didn't want to die after all. i was seeing yellow. my vision was so dizzy. i felt high. hour one was alright. hour two i felt tired. by hour 5 i couldn't drink anything. hour 8 is when it got bad. the chills made me strip and lay on the bathroom floor. then the pain started. i tried everything, to pee, too puke. to bring everything up. nothing worked. i sat there crying out to god that i was sorry. that i didn't want to die. that i wanted to be there for my boy (my cat ). i guess he heard me. i got a wave of dizziness. i fell off the toilet before getting the worst pain of my life. but also the best pain. i vomited all over the floor. on my hands and knees like an animal. i felt some relief. i thought it was over. by 11 i was throwing up in my bed. i felt pain everywhere. by now i regretted even taking the pills. i'd always been a rational person. but today i felt so low and alone i thought i was sure that this was what i wanted. i had never been more wrong. i feel asleep around 2? 3? desperately trying to get comfortable. to the people that talked to me yesterday on this app, thank you. you may not have changed my mind before i took the pills. but your words stayed with me. and i probably wouldn't have died from these pills. but this is my story. suicide isn't worth it. i know that now. thank you to all who were on my side.	😅
i made this throwaway for totally different purposes but before i log out now, i figure i should use it to get some more personal thoughts out. i just fucking hate the fact that someone can turn your entire life upside down overnight, make you question your own existence and suffer zero consequences for it. talking about my scumbag of a dad, who built his life on the lie that he's straight when he self-admittedly knew he wasn't. and now i'm supposed to just play along with his plan for a happy little step-family, after he's gotten everything he ever wanted = kids from his fake marriage + a new boyfriend, by using people for his own personal gain. but i'm the one that's meant to accept and forgive, deal with the emotional fallout of his lies and the divorce, while he walks away blameless having knowingly and purposefully deceived everyone close to him for decades. because his life is *just so hard*. of course, like no one else's who never turned out a total douchebag. the worst part isn't my dad's betrayal, though. it's having literally no one around me for support. my entire family is acting like we have to walk on eggshells around dad and they seem to be suffering from collective amnesia about his decades long fraud, even mom. ironically the only person who has shown me sympathy is lgbt herself. anyhow. i just had to vent because a lot has been on my mind these past few weeks, and today has been especially shitty. i've been crying uncontrollably for the past hour. i just feel like everything's falling apart. and in the end, everyone thinks i'm just another ungrateful teenage brat and my dad's brave for being authentic. i don't really have a conclusion. i'm going to try and fall asleep now that my chest feels a bit lighter. kinda been wanting to post for awhile actually but i'm too tame to use my main handle for this, so hi i guess?	👋
hello 🏼 who wants to chat?	👋
ready to kill myself i've been in love with this girl for several years. last summer 2015 we were basically boyfriend girlfriend except i was to stupid to see it. the school year started (our freshmen year in college) and i decided to tell her how i felt and by that time she didn't feel the same way about me anymore. i should've just ended our whole friendship there, but she's literally my only friend. the past year has been hell. it's now been just over a year and i'm still in love with her and she's completely moved on. i finally decided i need to get over her and unfollowed/blocked her on everything about a week ago. two days ago she sent me a message "i miss you" and yesterday texted me " ". she has a fucking boyfriend. she's playing with my fucking heart and so today i told her what's going on and she won't respond. she'll ignore me and treat me like shit until i don't say anything to her for a week. she has literally played with my heart every single week the past year maybe more. by trying to move on i am literally throwing away my only fucking friendship and i don't think it's worth living anymore. she's caused me to bawl, throw up, cut myself and i am still in love with her. i just want to kill myself.	❤️
the man i love is questioning his love for mefirst off our relationship is complicated i live in canada and he lives in ohio. we have been flying back and forth to be with each other for the past year. a couple months ago we broke up due to some minor sexual assault stuff. i will never hold that against him i more so brought it up because it bothered me but he thought i was calling him a rapist. which i was never saying, but this all ended up by me saying that we should go on a break and he was so mad i suggested that, that we broke up. since then we've still acted like a couple and due to it being summer break i suggested that i come up there about a month ago. he seemed totally on board until about two weeks ago where he out of the blue just said i don't think you should come up. i've eventually found out that he's been thinking about us not being us for like a month month and a half and he even has another potential love interest. i poured my heart out to him saying that i believe he is my soulmate and i wanted to grow old with him and i wanted us to have kids and etc. he claimed he had no idea that i felt that way which i admit yes i'm not very good at vocalizing myself. although he damn well knew i loved him and he still claims he loves me, but "wants to see what else is out there". i have no motivation for life anymore because he was my only motivation. i don't see myself being with anyone else because in the past i've had a history of being a hoe. i've had my fair share of men and none of the guys i've slept with or dated in the past i've felt anything long term with or even really wanted to be their gf. i truly believe it will be impossible to find someone else i can be loyal to and will want a future with idek how many i went through to find him and i can't even think of anyone who is atleast half the man he is. i lucked out finding him but i guess i cashed out to early	😭
on my way to an inpatient treatment program and feeling scared but a little hopeful does anyone know what to expect? i looked up the place and it has really good reviews and one person even said they have pet therapy some days. i'm a little nervous about sharing a room or being watched while being showered etc. thanks in advance for any insights / support	❤️
i wanna die.i just wanna die, i don't wanna live anymore	😔
my "friend" of five years is now on suicide watchhonestly i don't know much about it. anything that is to say. i don't know what suicide watch is or anything about it (other than the obviously obvious). i don't know much about how he got on or what's going on with him either. a little background: for his safety, let's call him mark. mark has never really liked me. i became best friends with his previously best friend. that's really the only reason i know him. now this best friend is still friends with mark. so naturally, i see mark every now and then. not too long ago, mark tried to hang himself. which really set me off about how i saw him as a person. he's a drug dealer. big time. we live in colorado so it's no biggie, but you can still understand it's a bit taboo. i thought he was this kind of sleazy idiot who didn't know what he was getting himself into, but when i found out that he tried to kill himself he turned into this trapped innocent person who really (actually) didn't know what he was doing. it's been a while since then. three or four months and i actually saw him about two months ago and he seemed a lot better. dressed nicely, more fit, beautiful girl with him, clean, and even seemed fucking giddy about life. but i heard that he's still on suicide watch recently. i tried to find out more about him now and he's depressed again. he's gone (pardon if i seem insensitive) full emo. talking about his demons and shit on instagram and all that. but for serious, i think he's getting worse again. and i know he's on suicide watch so i'm not too worried. i realize that he hasn't had the most fortunate life, but i know, most basically, to me, i do care about him. our best friend cares about him a lot too. he's known mark for much longer than i have. so i just want to make sure mark and everyone who does care about him are going to be okay. but i'm not sure how. i know i should have done more research on suicide watch beforehand, but hey, whatever. this is my first real post on reddit anyway. pardon me for any spelling mistakes i've made. if i notice any later, i'll change it. anyway, what i'm asking is what is suicide watch? how does it work? how should i support mark? thanks in advance	😊
need to help please i have published my story here from four months and these are : ..... my name is ahmad , i am from syria, 17 years old. and i live in egypt. my father died four years in the war. he was killed by terrorists. i live with my mother and my brothers. but i live in a lot of problems because of my homosexuality, i mean violence and beating because of my homosexuality. i am tired of this situation and tried to commit suicide a lot but i did not benefit from anything and i do not want to stay in this situation and i need help but i do not know what i need and i need help and do not know what to do .. the situation in egypt is very bad. i have been persecuted and ostracized by people and my family and have not accepted me and there are no organizations to help, because the law punishes homosexuals and denies homosexuality! please help me ..... i have been told a lot to go to the unhcr and asked for resettlement and i have already done so, but i am waiting for a resettlement interview. now the problems are increasingly starting with my older brothers and my mother can not do anything unfortunately. she is trying to protect me from them but it is unable to do so .. because the situation is serious .. i have followed with the organizations to help me but they are unable! my mother and i need to get out of the house and rent another house but i do not have the ability to do so please help someone	😞
every day at work i think about just crushing myself with the forklift i drive	😞
tonight is the nighti finally feel brave enough to write this post and actually act on it . tonight i will kill myself , i have wanted to do it for years but i have had enough . i don't want to moan to you guys about my circumstances but peace out .	✌️
you are important. hi, no one will probably care to read this but i just wanna say that you are all important and worthy of happiness	❤️
very thin line every time i open my eyes to the real world around me all i see is just a whole load of shit, a whole load of fucked up, almost no reason to live......biggest issue is a psychotic step father, no sanctuary at home or outside of home. only thing that helps me calm down and helps me to find meaning in living is music, movies and anime, everything that is abstract from what's happening in reality..... so pathetic and i can't imagine this being a long lasting fix. however it works for now, just putting some songs on in the background makes me so damn calm again. so yeh only reason for living is music and fucking anime , you can see how solid the ground is in my life. i think about killing myself sometimes but it just doesn't appeal to me to die in that way. i want to die helping someone, leave the house everyday hoping i'll see some event which allows me to trade my life for someone else's, because that person probably enjoys life more than me..... sorry for the ramble, first time making my feelings public	😂
bullshit rant i'm so sad and it's so stupid. it's not the kind of sad that i can be distracted from, it's heavy and it sits on my chest. i don't want to move or breath or eat or anything. i want to lie very still somewhere dark and cool. i want to be unconscious in a way where i don't dream. i don't want to think. i don't want to relive horrible things every minute of everyday inside my brain. it's like i'm assaulted again everyday. everything is too much. i'd honestly rather die than go to school or get out of bed. i feel so terribly lonely, but i can't bear to talk to anyone. i feel so terribly suicidal, but i can't bear to actually kill myself. i can't do anything. i'm floating through life and i hate it so much. i can pretend to be happy and socially okay but i'm not. i'm really not. i can make jokes and tease and laugh and listen but it's all fake. i'm fake. because i'm not happy. i'm just sad. that's all i'll ever be. this is all so hopeless. it's such a stupid edgy teenager thing to say but i really don't feel like people understand. it's not their fault i refuse to let anyone in. i feel sick telling anyone anything personal. i feel sick touching or being touched. i feel sick talking and breathing and living. i'm sick. i'm draining everyone's patience and resources, they don't have the heart to tell me to fuck off. all i can do is scream disgusting writing into the internet.	✌️
i want to live but i screwed up too much in my life. i feel so bad for burdening my family with my problems. i wish i never existed, i'm a mistake idk why i'm still here. i ruined my loved ones lives	😭
canadaposted august 5. deleting from other social media but need it off my chest. * = *only "changed" names to protect privacy.* (i never mentioned the perpetrator's name either) "one of those days... heavy eyes, stuffy, spacy, sore back and neck, zero energy. it is august pride saturday in *: one of the most beautiful places on earth. my husband is on his way home for his friday, and i just want to cry and sleep. i am applying for reimbursements for counselling, missing work, and medications out of pocket. the victim services worker from *a* rape crisis centre, is helping me with this form and suggested i pick one incident in *this province*. i have been requesting letters stating that in 2007, i was sexually assaulted by *. since then, i have sought all kinds of professional help (counsellors, psychiatrists, and doctors); and have missed worked throughout my life because of my mental health (depression, anxiety, ptsd, insomnia, sexual dysfunction, etc.). also, this march 2018, i was suicidal, took a month off, got cut loose weeks later, and have been recovering since. since i did not and will not report * to police, these letters are my only proof. it has been a shit show, but this is one way i am trying to get back what my husband and i deserve. we are burnt out, unhappy, broke, and tense all because of this and things that keep happening over and over. recently, i saw that family doctor again requesting his letter. he claimed it was the first he's ever heard about sexual assault and vietnam, looked over his notes saying there was nothing about sexual assault, charged me more than usual for the note, and denied my request for a prescription refill! i started crying, telling him i felt nauseous, dizzy, heavy, and shaky. he didn't get what was wrong, checked my blood pressure, offered me gravol and to send me to the hospital! i have been seeing him for two years! he was the one who wrote me several notes so i could take time off! it is so much to carry and keep quiet when the perpetrator is a relative, friend, or person of power, but especially when they are all of the above and will always be in your life. mental health, medications, and family doctors should be 100% covered and accessible globally. thanks for reading and all your support, everybody. i wouldn't be here without you "	🖤
i think i'm gonna kill myself next week today i had a realization. a bittersweet realization. i'm going to kill myself one day, and i think i will do it next week. i just hope i build up the courage, though i'll most likely force myself to do it. after years of struggling alone through depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts etc. i have come to the conclusion that this is what my life is and this is how it's always going to be. i've reached out for help several different times through several different ways, but nothing ever works and now i'm done. i say it's bittersweet because there's a part of me that does want to live and see where life would go or if i would actually ever accomplish anything. but i think it's safe to say that i'd much rather die than continue to live this life. for the first time in a long time i feel at peace, like i'm in control of something. i can finally be in control of something in my life. i might make a post saying goodbye before i do it because well, for the past few weeks reddit has been my only source of joy and i've met so many kind people on here. i know this is kinda extra and i actually didn't have to do this, but i guess i'm just trying to share my feelings, like i've been doing on here. thankyou for reading if you read this far, and you don't have to try to convince me to change my mind, i think i've made my decision. i just hope it works, but i'll probably update if it doesn't or if for some bizarre reason i change my mind or chicken out. thankyou for reading this just wanted to get this off of my chest i guess because i have no where else to share it really.	❤️
suicide. fucking hair loss. i cant fucking get my head round it. im 15. and i got extreme fucking hair loss. like, so many strands fall out on a daily basis(usually by itself). i don't pull, overstyle or touch it yet so mucj falls out. i see so many girls with amazing thick hair, and it just makes me wanna fucking die. i almost get angry at them for having hair. washing my hair gives me extreme anxiety because i can feel loose strands on my back or see it floating around in the water. i used to have such thick, long hair and it ever fell out i never noticed because i had so much hair. but now i barely have a handful on each side and a bit at the back. so much scalp is on show and i have to fill it in with makeup or some shit. i hate looking at myself in the mirror because of how sad it makes me. its literally making me suicidal. i went to the hairdressers and even she said my hair is a lot thinner than before. she told me to stop stressing and eat more protein(which admittedly i havent), but on the days where im chill and do eat a lot of it my hair still kinda falls. i have battled anorexia recently and am eating more, but my stress is bad. is this the cause? i had my thyroidsloods checked and they said i was fine, but a couple of days back my bloods have apparently changed and my organs are slowly shutting down. well, this fucking scared me so i have been eating more, but my hair is falling out constantly still. please help. my mum says i cant get an appointment with the doctor till next week. and at the fucking rate im going, i wont have any fucking hair. i am trying to target stress, but then i think how my hair will never grow back and it'll keep happening, and that just makes me feel like absolute shit. and it aint like i have high selfesteem in the first place anyways. i know im probably overreating but this has been going on for so long. and i know this is going to sound crazy to some people and it aint going to sound like a big deal, but this really affects me. its driving me insane. and it isn't like i don't have other shit going on in my life(read my other threads). my hair was one of the most liked parts of me, people always used to compliment it and comment on how full it was. but now its slowly going .	😔
bye,my life was hard to say the least, im sorry to all the friends i have made here, i let you down, you guys tried to help me, i failed. thank you all for being wonderful people, i was wondering what i am doing with my life yesterday, i got drunk and then cried, today in 5 hours im going to kill myself, thank you all for the awesome memories, i hope you all live a wonderful successful life, its too late for me. i have talked and had some great memories with you all. i fucked up my life. i wish you all the best in life, im sorry. goodbye	😔
no job, no friends, and family that sees me as a disappointment. i know these type of posts are seen all the time so i don't expect a lot of interaction with mine. i just need a place to vent since i really have no one else to go to. i've felt like a loner for years now but i'm at my absolute lowest at the moment. the one companion of mine that i had for almost 8 years, my dog, passed away last month. i always said i wouldn't kill myself as long as he was here with me and now that he's gone i see no other reason to keep going. i graduated from college this past december and haven't been able to land a job since. most days i just sit and play video games because i just get so angry at all the rejection from employers who say they're hiring for entry level but require 2+ years of experience. i don't have any skills. i tried to learn programming but honestly i'm just not very tech savy and i just don't have enough time to learn before my situation gets worse. i feel like i've let my family down, especially my grandma and mom who sacrificed so much to get me to college. killing myself would just be doing them a favor. at least i would no longer be a burden. the people i thought were my friends grew up and got lives and just abandoned me in the process. only things that seems to keep me somewhat happy are sex and alcohol. i don't see myself being the type of person to commit suicide by hanging or an overdose but honestly if the rampant sex with strangers won't kill me, the alcohol poisoning sure will.	🙃
feeling depressed. what. the. fuck. am i doing with myself. apparently being ineffective. i want a lot out of life, i know. it's a fault. something i need to work on. but im beginning to feel willing to give some of these things up, in the meantime, i will continue doing what im doing, traveling and being a forever alone. god do i wish i had a great woman in my life, but i understand. they like careers and confidence, which i am far from at the moment. those are probably the three things i wish for: career, woman, and something i love doing. all the other things are bullshit. maybe friends too. that's also extremely important. i wish i was good at something, like music! but piano and drums are so fucking confusing tbh im stuck spending the majority of my days not making any progress in my life. how depressing. im just wasting my life . lol anyway thanks for listening to me bitch. im just gonna go back to procrastinating on my phone like all of the other talentless privileged people like myself. damn, wtf am i doing with myself. i need friends and to not be a midget.	😂
ok i got help. can i kill myself now?	😕
live or leave??? hi all im 47 and i want all these good things in my life but ive had a pretty rough life and im caught in a rut i believe in god somewhat and i believe in hell which scares the hell out of me no pun intended..i have the best dog thats ever been born and i love him to death hes a big boy and super protective of me no one can barely lay a finger on me and thats friends let alone a foe he's 8 i've payed many thousands of dollars having rumors removed on average around 3 times a year at 1200 each operation..im only a disability pensioner and practically all my spare money goes to paying to keep him alive..im terrified of loosing him and have horrible nightmares about him dying where i sometimes wake up crying..but long story short i feel like im ready to end this fight ive been thinking about it for a couple of months and at first i thought what if but didn't think i had what it takes to do it but thats developed into taking the matter seriously and how easy it would be.. they say if you take your life you gi to hell but i think why is that up to someone else to tell you that after all they not walking in your shoes so they can shove there opinion anyway.. i think ive just about as much as i can take of this life of mine and im teetering on the edge of the abyss but such is life as old ned said.. anyway if you read my story id like to thank you but i just needed to get it off my chest and put it in words.so bye all for now	🙄
when you've lost everything what's the point in going on? i've lost my health. my physical appearance has gone down the drain. i'm physically unable to do all of the things i love. i've lost my sanity. my cognitive function is getting worse by the day. i've isolated myself from all of my friends. the only family i have left is my dad. 25, unemployed, and deteriorating by the minute.	😞
i think i'm going to kill myselflife is to hard i just want to die i feel like a piece of shit i've been losing sleep i've always been sad i can't take it anymore my therapist doesn't help at all and i just feel lonely sorry that i'm venting to long but i just want the reddit community to know that this can come from all ages i'm 11 and i'm suffering people think you always have to be a teen or older. i need help please	😩
i just really really want to die, can't do this anymoreif i ever feel better, i'll probably delete this post in order to not get triggered. but whilst i feel like this let me just write and vent. my boyfriend of 8 years cheated on me... he felt terrible, it was genuine remorse and we were working on things. things were going so well. i have a fear the other woman may be pregnant as she is quite manipulative and evil (she knew i had mental health issues and was playing disgusting games with me on social media) she told him no, and the thought left my mind. suddenly it came back again, but it was annoying my ex a. because she'd already said no, b. she told him she was on the implant, could not get pregnant and they used a condom, so he asked her in order to put the anxiety to rest and carry on building up. yes i believe him on all of these things, i've barely questioned it and i've questioned him on a lot in this whole ordeal. this woman only turns around and says i am pregnant and it is yours and nobody else's. she was cheating on her boyfriend, but claims she wasn't sleeping with him and then he went away around time of conception (don't want to specify where as it's too identifying and i am paranoid). everything feels weird and fishy but it could very well be denial and although my intuition has been spot on about everything else i won't trust it here as i have no hope and feel as if it is broken now. i am honestly more than heartbroken, i can't breathe the same air as any of these people and i don't understand why she kept it to herself. it's making me so suicidal, that i've even researched and researched. i am really hoping for a miracle that it isn't his to pull me out of this slumber, but i feel like such an idiot hoping for it. we honestly do love each other so much, me probably more and this is so devastating to me; i won't get over it and it won't get better. i just need the miracle because i won't survive through this. my life honestly feels so pointless now, i'm lost, i miss him and can't speak to him. the way it ended was weird because of the circumstances and the fact of lockdown so i haven't seen him since march anyway. i don't write this post to be told how people think he isn't worth anything or anything like that. i write it because i am so on the edge and suicidal and have nobody to tell and i don't know how i will carry on. i really want my miracle, if you get this far maybe hope for my miracle no matter how slim it may be. if i make it to the end of this year i'll be so surprised life can be so fucked up and cruel and i can't take it. i've never been this depressed in my whole life and i don't think i'm going to make it	💔
i've been depressed since i was 16, i'm now 22 and nothing has changedim really starting to think that i'd be better off dead. in this life i'm just a burden and a leech. i have no direction in life. if no one else can help me find the right path and i can't help myself, what can i do? you ever see those cute videos where someone sees a stray animal.....hair all messy, fucked up, and starving? then they take them in and feed them, clean them, give them a nice home and theres a big transformation to a cute fluffy pet? just kinda made me think you know....if only i had somebody, anybody, willing to take time out of their life to help me like those people helping stray animals. then again it makes me go back to thinking how pathetic i am for not being able to save myself. just an endless shit cycle that feeds itself with its own shit. hate myself, be depressed about it, zap out all energy and motivation to change, hate myself again. i have no friends so they won't stop me....my family is a dysfunctional mess, if i'd kill myself sure they'd be sad but its been 6 years of constant sadness for me.....thinking about how "sad" they would be is not gonna help me step back from the edge. at this point.....i'm really running low on motivation to stay alive. honestly there is none....then again i've been dealing with this for years. a depressing fact but also a hopeful one.....fuck...anyways how are you all doing?	🙃
i can't live like this anymorei just never want to wake up again and take my last breath. everytime i go to sleep i think about it everytime i wake up i think about it i just want it to end	😞
it's time to go.i already picked a date. 20.01.2026. it's the same day i found out that the only person that i've ever loved, loves another one. when i was a child, other people always bullied me. family, friends, neighbors, strangers. fat, ugly, stupid. i don't remember my mom or dad ever hugged me with love. she passed away 3 years ago and i can't stop blaming myself. she always said that no one will ever love me. dad was.. he was there to yell and beat me whenever is needed (most of the time not needed). so did she. i started cutting and hitting myself when i was about 11 years old. no one noticed. few years later my parents found out. and again, yelled and beated me. i have 3 suicide attempts. the second one, my mom saw something is wrong but never said anything or did anything. the third time was recently. dad just went to sleep while i was vomiting out my life. funny, isn't it. i met him more than 7 years ago. i was really into him but he is older than me and had a girlfriend. we hooked one time and... it was the first time i enjoyed it.. the first time i'm doing because i wanted. it felt good. how stupid i was? he had a girlfriend. never texted him again. he somehow found me in instagram (end of september 2017) and we started texting. his girl moved in another country. we met in october and.. started dating.. it was so good. everything was nice.. except we had to do it in secret - he didn't broke up with his gf (i felt awful). eventually he broke up with her in april. everything started good. then he met her. she was just a friend.. :) and i was just stupid. the frustrating part is that i'm 20, he is 28, she is 16/17. :) he made me believe that.. maybe i do deserve to be happy. nobody ever stuck with me for more than 2 months. he was around for about a year.. i trusted him. nobody was that genuine with me before him. nobody every showed the slightest sign of love and affection. i fully trusted.. and then.. cold.. everyone else knew they were dating but not me. i'm so stupid. i'm so stupid for believing someone will love me, or fell for my ugly face. i made myself so easy to love. i was such a good girlfriend. i did everything, im telling you, everything to make him feel good - whatever he asked for.. but i guess it wasn't enough. i wasn't enough. i will never be good enough for someone to stay. it's always about the sex. it's always when they are lonely or looking for fun. always. my mom was right - no one will love me. not with this face. not with this body. not with this character. not with this mind. not with this baggage. why do i even try tho? fml i fail in everything, i couldn't even kill myself three times. i failed three times. i failed my school, couldn't get my degree. i'm trying to stay in lane but lately i have more suicide thoughts. i'm thinking again about drinking and cutting.. for now u just hit my head and somehow .. it's helping.. it really does! now, i don't want you to think he is a bad person. he is not. i am the one that failed him. i've lied to him few times and probably this is the reason he left me. i don't know. the funny part is that we are connected with something and i get to see them often ^^ we will travel in a week and i will have to see their happy faces and hear her laugh and see their kisses. maybe i will kill myself then? maybe few days around their wedding? or maybe i will wait patiently till 20.01.2026? i don't know either. i'm totally alone. no one to speak with. total isolation. i'm devastated. i write in my diary... my only friend.. eh, probably i've wastes your time as well. sorry! i'm just a waste of space and deserve zero happiness or whatever good stuff. the only thing i deserve is a shallow pit where i can die and bother no one. sorry for making you read this. hope i die anytime soon. tldr: depression; suicide; met someone; spent beautiful 1 year; they met "a friend"; i am a f mess again; talking how bad i am; prolly will kill myself anytime soon	😁
cutting i haven't cut since november 2018, well tonight i was very emotional and winded up trying to cut again. i didn't even break skin .	😞
we you getting 'good' dreams days prior to committing suicide? i read an article about what people tend to dream about ( while they're asleep) prior to committing suicide. it says that person sees "good" dreams: previously experienced happy moments, friends and family, sunny warm days. so i wanted to ask you guys, what kind of dreams you had or have you had any ? ( this question is addressed to people who thought about committing suicide but decided not to or failed to attempt one , i'm sorry if i hurt someone by asking this).	😕
i'm feeling wrong again hey everyone~ hope you're all starting this year full of goals and happiness i feel weird talking about this here, but i don't have anywhere else to put this, or anyone i can tell so i've been struggling with an eating disorder for about 4 years, i've told very few people about it and this last few weeks i've been feeling really huge, absolutely ugly, like a fat ugly scary monster it always happens though during this time because of all the food i end up eating, and i'm usually used to it but it's been very hard for some reason this year i've been crying non-stop and my eyes are red and swell, my body is incredibly huge, my mind is foggy and i feel really alone i realized that i will never get over it if i don't agree to get help, but every time i try to reach out for help everyone tells me it's impossible for me to feel that way since they do not see me fat or unhealthy at all and i'm so tired now i've relapsed, i feel so misunderstood, so weird my bpd is not making the situation any better and i've been reading that we are one of the worst kind of people to deal with and i feel like the worst piece of shit that has ever existed i feel i'm a huge burden for my family, i feel like everyone can't stand me, i feel like they wish i could be the girl i used to be but i can't and i feel so wrong i wish i was normal again so badly, i wish meds worked and i wish people didn't tell me they wish i just wasn't quite the way i am i feel so sorry for all of the people i hurt i just feel really tired of trying and i don't think anyone will ever love me because bpd is the absolute worst kind of personality disorder and there is no cure for it and neither there is for anorexia and i feel so helpless i feel so bad i just want to die and i don't know what to do anymore	😊
bye bye what the title says. i wish you all the best but i'm checking out. noose tied. sign written warning room mates not to open door. waiting for room mate to leave for class then i'll be free. .	😊
i'm going to kill myself tonight, at about 1:30ami'm gonna buy a lot of junk food. eat it still i'm stuffed. get a bunch of soda. down all the medication i own. text my little brother and let him know he can have my stuff. and then die outside my dorm so i don't annoy my roommate. the human body doesn't smell nice when it's dead. night guys, bye. 🏿	👋
i'm 21 and really need someone to speak to pleasei'm 21 and i'm at rock bottom i feel so shit everyday that i hate waking up in the morning, i'm just so lost with life that i dont know what to do. i've got alopecia and ally hair is falling out and i'm scared even more is going to because it just seems to get worse my confidence is non existent and i'm also gay and hating that i ever came out very dated one lad since i was 17 and that's it. is it me am i a horrible person that no one actually wants to speak it explains a lot. i never go out and dont have friends just work all the time pay bill's and go to sleep i dont have any motivation to even feel happy these days i genuinely just dont want to exist but i'm scared of doing it too my family but i just dont want to be here anymore theres so much more going on but too long to type	😔
goodbye agony the title doesn't mean anything yet just a song that came on so idk. but i have nothing left but my dog i realize nobody cares about me and i'm not loved anymore so i'm just going to wait until my dog dies then i'm going to kill my self because she's the only one that cares about me and i don't want to leave her. i'm going to start cutting people out because their all pretending to like me, there's nothing to prove this but just the way i get looked at and how i'm talked to it's like i'm not even human. my love was the only person i had but i don't think she cares she's just sick of me i don't want to be in peoples way anymore i just want to be alone now like i have been my whole life pretty much. i can't explain how i feel but i just hope i'm not around any longer i just want my love to go to my dog and the love of my life. it's not like anyone cares but i can't express myself so i just have to do it here	😞
i feel like there's no proper end to this.hey people, first time in here. nice to meet y'all. i hope you don't mind a few words from this stranger, haha. (also, please excuse my poor language. i am not a native english speaker!) for a little bit of context, i'm a 23 year old looser that's going to uni. no job, no nothing. wowie. i've been officially diagnosed with clinical depression when i was... 21? by different psychiatrists (except this one doctor that said that i was "too you to be depressed". figures) on november of last year, i tried to commit suicide (to no one's surprise). i took enough pills to go dumb as a rock, but not enough to, you know, die. it's been a few months since then, and wowza, i feel no better. i feel alone. you know this kind of... loneliness where you just feel... cold? metaphorically speaking. don't get me wrong, i love my family and my friends, but i just... i don't want to subject them to my inner turmoil. i'm a motherfucking bitch that's depressed, self-harms, purges food, from many other self-sabotaging tendencies. the whole-ass destructive combo. lately, my father has been hanging out with my two older sisters, and they look so... happy. having fun, eating good food, joking around, yadda yadda. and it makes me realize how come i don't fit in. it gave me a good image of how my family would be if i wasn't... you know, alive. and it's so bizarre, like, i wasn't meant to be part of this world? you get what i mean? my friends... they are great. i love them. they have forgiven me for all those times i ghosted them because i was too fucking depressed to even charge my motherfucking phone. i genuinely wish them the best, and i hope they get to live a long, happy life, because they deserve it. and i feel like they don't deserve to deal with me, a fucking mess. my therapist... she's a really nice woman, super kind. but... i don't know, maybe we don't match? she's the only person in my life whom i can tell her "yo i wanna kill myself, like, right now". but she just... i don't know, doesn't think that i'm capable of doing that? (even tho i already did that before, huh). funniest part is, after the "incident", my psychiatrist prescribed me 2 more different meds (i was already taking one kind of medication for my depression) so, now i have 3 different boxes of meds. even though i literally tried to kill myself via overdose. huh. is this normal? if someone went through something similar let me know. this question has been eating my brain. either way, i'm like a kid that's super tempted to eat all the cookies from the cookie jar. every single day i feel like i'm gonna snap, and i'm gonna down all those pills as if they were a bunch of bitter skittles or something lmao. and i don't feel like *that* day is too far away. i'm at my limit. anyways, if you read all of this, thank you from the bottom of my heart. it's really nice to have someone... read what's honestly inside of my head. i wish you all the best. genuinely. and i hope you get to feel happiness, because y'all deserve it. lots of hugs	❤️
when cdiff makes you want to die.i have no more energy.... i've been fighting cdiff for 7 months and just relapsed again.... i feel like giving up on my life. i feel like getting struck by a train.... this is torture. i don't know if i will ever be normal... next step is a fmt procedure which i'm all for but i feel like i'll never be me again and don't want to keep fighting.	😭
about to be one year since i attempted suicideon october 6th it'll be one year since i attempted suicide. i'm still deciding if i wanna celebrate that day or go on as if it's just another normal day but i come here today to tell people life gets better. after almost a whole year of intensive counseling (2 appointments a week every week) i've become such a happier person i'm not nearly the person i was a year ago ( the broken , depressed teen that wanted to end it all) i just want people to know it gets better no matter what you're going through and i figured i'd share my success story to those who need a little motivation. don't be afraid to seek help it's the best option life gives you. my counselor recently sent me a letter saying congratulations for being counseling free and that she was so proud of the person i've become and it really made me cry tears of joy seeing someone be so proud of my progress. i'll leave you with this life's precious enjoy every second of it	❤️
my progress is a miracle!!it has been just 16 hours since i started venting in reddit and i already are desensitized to a lot of things. i can bear pain, now i even crave it, but every passing minute i am becoming more and more ready to die! i am so pathetic that i don't even have money for a gun (the best option out there) i want something effective and cutting is not lmao. it is like trying to stop breathing, you wont simply do it and even there is the risk i do it wrong. i dont have pills nor drugs nor money. hanging takes too much time and maybe is not effective. that lets me with tadaratardtarardttataaaa!!! maybe jumping from a very high building which is pretty easy, or jumping under a bus or a heavy car, although i am leaning more towards jumping. lets see how this develops	😁
did i just save a life?i was taking a drive at night just now and i was on my way home. i saw a shadow of a person on the bridge. i get this feeling all over that i need to talk to this person. i turn around and called out to her. well call her (b). i asked b if she was ok and if she wanted to talk. she told me she was just having a bad day and she was fine. i told her i had no where else to be. she again said she was fine and she thanked me. so... i left. i started driving and i couldn't shake the feeling that i should go and seriously talk to her. so i turned around and parked close by and walked towards the bridge. i didn't see her anywhere and i was starting to get nervous. when i saw her i started up a conversation. b told me about her being trapped in a relationship with her bf and we shared some of our life story's. we talked for a long time. when we started to leave the bridge she hugged me. i gave her the best hug i could. b if you're reading this i really hope you're situation gets better and know i care about you	❤️
the best gift i've ever received, was from my sister, just weeks before she died.my sister took her life june 2018. she was 38 years old. she left no note, she gave no warnings. i won't go into more specifics, but i will say this - the year leading up to her suicide i hadn't seen her much. she came around for a few important occasions - christmas, our moms birthday, but she missed several family get togethers as well, one of them being mother's day. i was somewhat upset with her, but didn't really speak much about it. i invited her over for memorial day, i didn't really expect her to come, but she showed up! it was one of the best days of my life. this was only weeks before she took her life, so she was in a lot of pain that we were all unaware of. especially on this day, i wouldn't have known that she was contemplating suicide because she was so happy, outgoing, hopeful and fun loving. she talked about he future. she made sure to make that day with us our last and final memory with her. she knew what the next few weeks would hold, but she showed up for us, for a final conversation, a final "i love you", a final day of dancing, drinks and laughter. it was a sacrifice she made that day for us, so we could have one last beautiful memory. and to the families of suicide victims, it means everything. that day means everything to me, everything to her daughters and everything to our mom. that last image of her in my mind, sleeping in my hammock under the soft glow of twinkling patio lights, with fleetwood mac playing on the speakers, is the most beautiful gift she could have given me. she was my only sibling, and her absence in my life has destroyed my world, but i have come to understand her pain and i am just grateful that for a single moment in her sadness, she made that sacrifice to give me such a cherished memory of her. my only regret is that i didn't take a single picture all day. i was so happy she was there and we were having so much fun, i just stayed in the moment, but i wish i had gotten one last picture with my big sister, who i looked up to my whole life. her ashes and the shirt she wore, are all i have left of her, but are now my most valued possessions. if you are still reading this, and you plan to end you life...well i wish i had the words to say to change your mind. my sister never gave the slightest inclination that she was struggling. i never had the chance to try to help her - no one did. so to that i say, please let someone know the state you are in, if you haven't yet. and if you are planning to go through with this, could i possibly suggest giving your loved ones one last moment with you. one last hug and one last "i love you". it will carry them through in their darkest days. peace and love to all who are carrying this enormous burden	❤️
i have absolutely no desire to live anymore. just thinking about how much easier life could be if i weren't born with a fucked up brain. i have so many problems. i'm so afraid of everything. i have such low self esteem. i'm so lazy. i could list so many problems i have. i've come to the conclusion that no one can ever help me and i certainly can't fix myself. i'm a lost cause and that's okay. i give up on ever trying to be happy or improve my life. it's not my life that needs to change, it's my mind and my brain and my ways of thinking. and i don't have what it takes to change those things. i was doomed the very second i was born. it feels liberating to realize that i don't belong here. i was meant to die young. now back to the drawing board for methods. this will be the year i finally die!	😊
shutting down. i honestly tried to write a deep story of my life and why i'm so fucked in the head like 3x but what's the point. i can't recall the last time i was genuinely happy and i don't think i'll get the feeling ever again. i tried to commit suicide before and failed. mostly due to being nervous and being on impulse. i've tried the whole "hold on to life, it'll get better" thing and it's been 9 years and i'm almost 25 and guess what? it hasn't. still unemployed, still degree-less, basically homeless sleeping at random homes of the junkie acquaintances i've made. i've come to terms with the fact that i'll never have a loving wife and kids. i've come to terms with leaving the small amount of people if any that'll mourn my death behind. i'm tired of this feeling. of being alone, of never being loved, of being worthless. knowing that when i breathe my last breath absolutely no one would give a single fuck. i honestly envy people who don't have to deal with waking up in the morning, crying, because they're still alive even though greater people than me have died while i'm here wasting away. it fucking sucks, id gladly trade my life in a heartbeat for someone more worthy but it doesn't work that way. it's selfish of me to take my life that was given to me by my parents but i didn't ask to be born. looking back my only regret is not doing it right the first time to save me from becoming even more empty than i am now. i do however have the perfect playlist, final meal and spot in which i'll take my life. where i can stare at the beautiful night sky, floating away while the drugs and alcohol finally take toll on me. it may sound scary or stupid or whatever but fully planning it out and not on a whim like the last time makes me feel super calm and ready to end this fucking suffering.	✌️
i'm in my closet i'm in my closet crying and having a mental break down i tried to save someone's life and i'm afraid their dead and i'm freaking out it's my fault i could've done more or something idk ....i'm so sorry i just wanted to make sure people didn't die and they are	😭
sorry i haven't been too active. i've been really caught up in my own life. i love you.	❤️
i'm the shit you scrape or your shoei get smashed at 10:00 am.... because 7am is too early. but i can't wait until noon, and i've got half a bottle of vodka hidden under my sheets. i could go for a walk. see my family members. do my taxes. clean my room. but all of that is a reality check. a reality check... should be a good thing, but to me... it's hell on earth and i just don't wanna be there but i have to be there cause everyone says i have to be there and apparently my family would die if i wasn't there even though they don't really seem to care if i'm there and i have to be there according to articles and gurus on youtube cause life is a gift but wtf kinda gift? you mean like a $10 gift card for itunes or fucking socks? what i'm saying is if it's a gift it fucking sucks. and why so people say suicide is selfish? wtf?! oh yeah, cause it's not selfish to make someone live a painful, miserable life that they decided isn't worth it because it'll hurt you?!?!? bitch, suicide goes against our natural survival instincts. if they kill themselves.... think about how the fuck they feel!!! jibberish but posting anyway cause i'm drunk and don't care if i die	😊
whose idea was this i don't think i can believe in god anymore. why would god let us hurt. why would god make that existafter everything i've been through to build a relationship with god i'm back to doubting again. i'm not a blinded child anymore. if i turn my back it's a wine decision. i feel awful for even considering breaking off. but why would he hurt us. i can't. i don't think i can believe it anymore. it's like the biggest betrayal could ever experience. i don't believe in it being for the greater good. why couldn't it just all be good. i can't focus on it anymore. i want nothing but to stop existing. i don't know if i my soul will ever be able to rest	😭
this is it for me:') i tried my last try, called a hotline and was given a large list of therapists that i could in no way afford and an even bigger list of insurances i didn't want to get into. there really isn't any help for me. i miss my friends and i want to apologize to my family, because this won't be easy on them. i wish it didn't have to be this way, but i've made to many mistakes to live with them. hope all of you out there, who're hurting and feel lost, eventually find peace. goodbye!	✌️
pls anyone going through a hard time text me, we can talk as much and whenever you wantjust remember you are loved even if you might not realise it. you might probably get this alot but honestly i am here to talk i wont judge, were all going through some shit rn if you feel you have no one to talk to please text me i will reply	😢
how do i feel my mum that i self harm and feel depressed? f14 i need help. i admit that i do. i've attempted suicide more than 10 times and yet no one knows. i still want to kill myself. i self harm every night and sometimes during the day and yet no one knows how bad it is and how bad it's getting. the only people that knew have left this world. i do online school and the only two friends i have go to the public school that i left. i left public school because of my anxiety. i've told them both that i self harm (through text because i couldn't see them at the time) it was really hard for me to even do that. they kind of changed the subject but they told me they were there for me. now we never talk about it. i have no idea how to open up to my parents. we aren't very close and i wish we were. i live with only my mum. no one else, my siblings are all older and live with their partners or children. my dad lives close to us and he sometimes comes to see me. he's already lost a sister to suicide and he has bipolar himself. i don't know how to tell them anything. i haven't hugged my mum is so long. i really just want to hug her, tell her how i feel and what's going on in my life. but i don't know how i really want to commit suicide but i feel like if i do that my mum will think it's her fault. and i don't want to leave this world without hugging my mum, but i also don't want to see my parents die before me.	😭
my (31f) best friend (29m) of 12 plus 2 years partner is leaving me, i don't want to be here anymorei swore after my last abusive relationship that i'd never get into another. him and i have been best friends and loved each other for years, but we were too shy to tell each other until two years ago. we have a six month old baby together. he no longer wants to be a family because he thinks that it isn't what he pictured. he's schizophrenic but medicated. he quit his job yesterday and started staying at his mother's. he said he doesn't love me anymore and doesn't know if he ever did. i'm at a loss, i trusted him more than any other human being. now he's leaving, and i lost my sense of self worth. i swore i didn't want any more babies but i changed my mind for him since he didn't have any of his own. i changed my life, my future, my career, for him. i can't do this anymore. he has been constantly telling me i'm not good enough for him. i cook, clean, provide him with sex daily. i've lost a dangerous amount of weight (now 6'2" and 120 lbs) and he still calls me fat, says i never clean or cook (because he cooked and cleaned for the first week after the birth of our child). i feel worthless	😢
byethanks for the memories	❤️
i think my friend is committing suicide and i can do nothing my friend has been acting off lately and depressed and i've been there for him but just know he texted me "goodbye " and i can't get a reply or even contact him. i don't have his parents number or his address and can't do fucking anything. i talked to friends of his and they are trying to figure out too. i feel so fucking dumb. i was planning on killing my self this week and then this happens. how could i ever put someone through this? i don't even know if he's trying to commit. i don't know anything and that's the worst fucking part.	❤️
not sure if this is allowed but i'm here if anyone wants to talki'm 33/female and i'm not gonna give you corny lines like it gets better. life fucking sucks yo. lol. and i hate cops so i'm not trying to pull any shady shit either. i just know how it feels. and i'm in a dark place right now and i know the only thing that's gonna help me feel better is helping someone else feel better. some people made me feel like absolute shit today when i did nothing wrong. kicked me while i was in my lowest point. i want to die, but i'm not going to kill myself. on another note - why does the phone autocorrect it to milk myself anyway. i'm gonna be online a little while longer tonight. if anyone wants someone to just listen, i'm here. i'm not biased. not religious. just an unemployed girl who's alone. with a dog. if i don't answer, i'll be back online in the morning. i am here for you.	😅
vent it outi think i'll end my life soon. my dear has it been a rollercoaster of a ride. from childhood i was destined for suffering. my family friend molested me, my family neglected me. my brother would often abuse me. i was bullied at school for being overweight and weird, all my childhood friends moved away and not one cared enough to stay in contact. the black sheep everywhere, even amongst others who stand out. i came out to my mum once about liking boys and she told me to hide it forever and basically told me a gay child was like a curse in her world. then i came out at 18, told my crush i loved him and he showed my most vulnerable bit of writing ever to everyone. so i had to come out to everyone instead of slowly. i suffer from chronic depression, it's more active in my life than normalcy. i'm forced into an anhedonic state, agitated and irritated. i tried to seek help but it just didn't pan out properly. then i came out as a trans woman and life took another major turn. i'm either a sex object or guys use me for games. literally, they talk to me, tell me how great and wanted i am and then poof! gone. i know it's sad but all i ever wanted was my other half. if i had them then everything else i genuinely believe could be shouldered... but i don't because i'm too broken to love. how many days i've fantasized about death and i tried, i really tried to die but failed twice!! i just want it to be peaceful and as clean as possible. now, i'm rather empty inside, i don't have the energy to chase dreams or remain hopeful. quite honestly, the pain is so physical it's debilitating. i legitimately don't know how i'm still coming to work everyday or even moving at all. this one guy, last year, came into my life and i thought everything was about to change for me. he gave me hope again. uttered the sweetest things and then just left me to rot haha. can you imagine you go through all of that and still life bangs you with a spiked pole. i'm not expecting a single person to read this, i just want to vent it out. i really tried my absolute best but it's just too much to carry. i can't even enjoy the presence of my mum and sister who've come down for the week. my mum's difficult and she has a habit of agitating me more whenever i'm out of it. i don't know why. i'm losing my shit with her and it's making me feel worse. i just want to vanish. to never have existed. i don't like this world and i don't want to be here anymore.	😂
suicide letter to cheating girlfriend that thought i was cheating on her... she sent me a picture of her cheating. and no i was not cheating on her. we are both 19 years old i have never been this confused or hurt in my life, i really don't understand what happened or why you are doing this to me... everything seemed to be perfect the other day at your moms i'm not really sure if you thought i was cheating or if it was something else i did ... or if you just felt like hurting me. or maybe you just dont wanna be with me. all i wanted was to talk to you and then this is what you do to me. i don't get it i thought you loved me, jenna you did something to me i didn't know was possible for me you actually made me feel love... you make everything better i don't know what i did to deserve this. i want you to know before i'm gone that i forgive you and i love you so much you are the best thing that ever happened to me... i finally thought for once i had a slight chance for happiness but i should of known.. . i don't think you understand the level of pain i'm in i've been crying for hours hoping you'd give me some type of explanation... i get it though i'm to much for you. i'm sorry i over reacted the other night and blew up on you i was just not ok and really needed to talk to you... i know you can at least relate to that. i know you probably don't care about anything i'm saying now because you probably have it stuck in your head that i was cheating and i'm sure you won't even read this all until i'm gone. i love you i love you so much.. i want you to be ok, get away from here go do something better with your life you know your capable of it ... and please never forget how much i love you okay? and just know i forgive you. it's killing me inside that you're not replying. you knew what i was going through before you sent me that picture and this made it so so much worse. i need you to know that i am not cheating on you nor have i ever cheated on you. anyways we made great memories, and i wish nothing but the best for you. and please remember i forgive you but this is something i just cannot deal with. it was amazing while it lasted, thank you for everything i love you	💔
i don't care what anyone says.... there's only one winner in russian roulette. i'm so tired of fighting my demons from day to day. i wanna be that winner for once. but after my last massive suicide attempt in 2016, i made a stupid fucking promise to my family that i wouldn't attempt to take my life again because i watched my family shatter. now i regret that promise and all i think about is ending this joke i call a life. i'm so done. what do i do about this stupid promise? i don't know how much longer i can keep it!!!	😭
it's over... my life is absolutely mundane. my life is the worst. i am not loved, have no friends, bullied and judged. you know what i'm done with this. the time is here. the time has come to end. my. life. now. i'm sorry for existing, i didn't think i can be a problem. i am going to kill myself soon. thanks for helping me, but i think my life is at the end of the line. if i no longer existed here, i'll one problem less for people to deal with. they are going to be more happier if i am gone. goodbye, everyone...	👋
help im only 16 and i feel so lost in life my household is always arguing and doing drugs n i want to get a job and get out of here but i'm lost on how to go about that i've been doing every drug i can get my hands on and i've od'd a few times and it feels like a constant uphill battle to stay functional i have no friends and everyone at school talks shit about me it's starting to feel like there's only one way out	😞
i'm going to sleep... forever! i can't take life anymore. goodbye .	😭
heroinsweet warm decadence after trying it a few times i've found my new love. it's better than most anything i've ever tried, and that includes loving humans. it's kind of like life and death in one needle. life because it helps my day go by without boredom and sadness. death because if things get too shitty i just have to use too much and maybe mix it with some other fun pills. thank you.	❤️
is it selfish to stay alive? i have some serious disorders, most prominently narcolepsy. i'm 17 and i felt so lonely i started to open up to people, and make friends. i also have some pretty close friends too. my problem is that i'm just such burden to have as a friend, propably more to have as a boyfriend( the reason i don't want to get a girlfriend). while i can get better at controlling narcolepsy it will never be cured. i just want to defend people from myself, but i can't be lonely anymore. i thought about suicide, but i'm afraid it could cause trauma in the very people i want to protect. i'm too weak to just cut myself from people. wtf should i do?	🤔
a really good friend left me. a really close friend left me i miss him. we would talk every day. he was really supportive of me, and would help me with any of my life problems. i've never met someone that cared that much to actually listen to my boring life, and try to cheer me up. he was one of my only friends, and definitely my most caring friend. usually people don't care about me (i get why), usually they care about my brother. now i'm alone. one of the only things that stopped me from committing suicide was that i didn't wanna leave him. i'm also trans, atleast i think i am. i'm not sure. i don't know what to do about this. everyone around me seems to be not supportive. my friend said: "fuck transgenders", and misgenders everyone trans person he talks to, or about (even his friends). i told my brother i think i could be trans, and he started making fun of me, so after a few months i just told him i was confused. these are the only experiences i've had so far, i don't know what everyone else thinks. i already know that my mom's bf will not be supportive, and will misgender me all the time. he makes fun of me all the time, and i'm not allow to stand up for myself. my mom, i'm not sure tbh. there's a chance she'll support me, but there's also a equal chance that she won't support me, but either way, i'll get made fun of by pretty much everyone else.	😭
advice please. hello. my names kayra. i'm 14 years old and in my second year of high school, my friend committed suicide and i have no freaking idea what to do with myself. she passed away little over three months ago, and i'm a mess. i get counselling once a week, i'm on anti depressants and i constantly ask my self what if i had said something to her or told her that we loved her, would she still be here? would she be okay? would she see how many people truly care and adored her. i miss her everyday and the thought of never seeing her ever again brakes my heart and i don't know how to comprehend and understand the fact that she's never coming back. i couldn't go to her funeral either and i regret that everyday. i keep having dreams about her and i keep seeing her lifeless and it causes panic attacks and suicidal thoughts. i wish i could just see her once again, i really don't know what to do or how to deal with this. can someone please just help me.	❤️
every day. every f-ing day.it's like i'm used to being suicidal. every damn day i think about it. about ending it all. it's so damn torturous because i'm too goddamn pussy to do anything. i'm stuck in this trap and i don't have the guts to do anything. every day i keep telling myself that it'll get better. but it doesn't. i'm sick of lying to myself. i can't just ignore my feelings. but if i go near them i just wanna die. no one can empathise with me. i just drag everybody down. i'm not good with girls. never have been never will be. and it's so disgusting. i'm fine with the idea of dying. suicidal ideation is as normal to me as my name. it's becoming a sick fantasy of mine. everywhere i go, i go with a smile, because it's the only way to get anyone to interact with me. but no one knows the help i need. which is ironic-since most of the time i don't want it. i want death, but life clings to me like a disease. i wish i could take the place of some poor soul who wants to live but will die soon so that they could live.	😔
about to just call it quits... i'm beau and i'm 17 years old. i struggle with social anxiety, very, very poor self image, anger issues, keeping a friend, depression, and suicidal thoughts. i have no one anymore. i don't even know who i am anymore. i'm a poser. i'm annoying. no one can ever like or stand me longer than a month. only time my "friend" hits me up is to buy cocaine. my other friend who i thought was a good friend of mine just turned on me out of nowhere today and is now wanting to fight me. i'm a pussy. i'm not cool never will be. i'm a gamer. my video games are the only thing that can take my mind off of my mental suffering. i just want to take my dads gun and end it but i'm such a pussy.... i'm scared. i don't belong in this world. i don't feel like a man i feel like a bitch. a bitch and a pussy because that's what everyone says i am... everyone who i ever thought liked or loved me ends up wanting to fight me or hates me. i just don't know what i'm doing wrong! it's why i'm so quiet now.. i doubt anyone will read this.. i just want to at least know i'm not a lone. i don't feel anything anymore. i feel so bad for my girlfriend because she can do so much better. i don't feel love for anyone anymore. i can't tell her that's because i'm to scared and she's the only person i have left. she probably is on the brink of leaving me soon. everyone does.. i never leave my house unless i go to work with my dad. lol ikr i go to work with my dad what a faggot. i never used to be this way. i just want to go back to normal.....	😞
to age 48 & over people who work, i've tried everything i promise i did, to try and get hired for ft work. not, ssi/ssdi, medicaid no addictions, no criminal millennials tell me what they know about older workers all the time because they have parents in my age group. i'm not a parent. i didn't marry so i had to earn & budget meticulously all by myself. i earned my masters & certifications thru hard work & self discipline. i was a wb whistleblower and i worked in money making places that did unscrupulous things to their clients. there was a gap when a relative died. setbacks and sabbaticals happen. not everything is a straightline up the career mountain. i am facing extremely hard times because i made an ethical choice to report fraud. in a different co. i reported discrimination bc the employer was trying to push me out. women get childrearing job protections. short term disability. older workers as new employees do not if they need a small surgical treatment. we're sometimes seen as medical liabilities. even for a simple procedure. this also happened at the subsequent "just take any low wage job you can get" too. i could not meet my basic income needs. (housing or healthcare). it took its toll bc the large employer saw me as a placeholder til retirement and not upwardly mobile. the millennials ran the department. we all have a fiduciary responsibility to ourselves, and our creditors. my ethics wont allow me to quit, ignore debt or lie on my resume thru omission. background screen co's & temp agencies (which are legal buffers for employers) ask hr behind the scenes questions & look up court records. they do that to see if there are undisclosed judgments, liens & bankruptcies. young ppl can live in roommate situations with strangers or their cars, and travel across country with no job in sight. i was young once too! being out of work this long almost a year, has been extremely stressful. jobs under $20/hr dont call me. the ones i tried at that income bracket pushed me out bc i was looking & applying to higher paying jobs & they viewed me as disloyal & unsatisfied. "it's easier to get a job when you have one doesnt hold true." they want people to stick around & be excited to come to work each day, perform like a rockstar & make the co lots of money on entry level pay as an older employee. there was no way to add to a 401k and never mind hsa accounts or the insurance premium alone. my situation is irreparable. ive done everything a reasonable person can do including reaching out for help to agencies ill equipt to work with a highly educated, computer literate, woman who needs a living wage. resources & agencies dont offer that. they just make sure you dont starve and point you to food pantries. phd & msw, doesnt matter the title. its not a pharmaceutical psychiatric pill issue, it's an economic & financial problem. end of my rope. no pun intended. see my photo. it is all i think about.	🙄
how can i lessen the impact of suicide on others? several of my friends have told me if i kill myself, they'll kill themselves. i didn't want to start a suicide pact. i don't want to hurt anybody. i just want to fucking leave everything behind and that be that. maybe i'm a sociopath that doesn't care about other people. while i don't want to hurt others, life just seems too artificial. so what i kill myself? so what if they kill themselves? there's 7 billion people on earth. people in general are fucking garbage. we don't matter. nothing we do matters. my therapist keeps telling me how i'll be able to help other people in the future, and i want to be a highschool guidance counselor, but why? why should we put so much energy into people who are hurting? recovery is so exhausting. is it even worth getting to the day where i may feel occasional joy? i don't think so. i don't think any of this shit is worth going through. therapy, medication, mood swings, hardships. suicide is how i want to cope with everything. i want to get away from everything. i want to be free. if that's how my friends and family want to cope with my death then so be it. suicide is an escape. i want to escape. i need to take some benadryl and have some lucky charms. my allergies (and sweet tooth) are acting up. not tonight, but one day, whether at my hands or someone/thing else, i'll be dead. and i can't fucking wait till that day comes. in the mean time... adios for now also, i'm done using my main account for posting here. this is my new r/suicidewatch alt because of how often i want to kill myself.	✌️
i need help this is a emergency your opinion, how i feel, no one can amount to. so i wish all of you the best of luck in life. do the things i could only imagine doing, be happy for yourself and strive for greatness. goodbye 🏾" i don't have his phone number or address and i'm trying to find where he lives. he's been talking about suicide for awhile. please help	👋
not now, but i know i will do it one day.for years, since 6th grade i have just had horrible mental health. years and years later i still feel like shit. i have dealt with bullying, and mentally abusive relationships. i almost killed myself, had a plan, a note and everything. i have been doing really well recently, i have been happy with friends, but constantly in the back of my mind, i just think about killing myself. i can't look in the mirror without crying, i hate my looks, my personality, my intelligence. i told my parents about how i wrote a suicide note back in grade 9 but they just called me attention seeking (they both work in mental health so i thought they might actually help... but no). i don't plan on killing myself anytime soon, but i am so mentally weak, i don't even know how to describe it, my chest just feels heavy, and i feel worthless. the littlest things set me off, make me feel like suicide is the answer (and i mean the littlest like an argument). at this point i dont even care for my life, i started abusing shrooms in grade 10 because it gave me a good high, followed up by coke. i was sexually abused by my brother when i was 3 to when i was 6. he is ten years older than me. granted, he is much nicer now and acts like a good brother but i still have flashbacks and nightmares. my parents don't know, they favour him, and would never believe me. i harmed myself for over 5 years, i have lost so much blood i almost passed out. i stopped thankfully i can't help but feel like everyone secretly hates me. i feel like such a burden to everyone. i seriously don't plan on killing myself soon or even want to, but i have been so mentally weak for so long. i just know that the second something bad (such as the death of my dog, a friend, another assault, etc) i will just end up killing myself. sorry this is all over the place even if anyone cares to reads this:/	❤️
following up todayi haven't left my room in another 24 hours no bathroom no water no food again just drugs and alcohol i've been up with no sleep for awhile now , everything is moving so fast now by the time i stop and take a breath another 8 hours have gone by and i literally peel my soaking wet body off my bed sit up and watch everything dance and wave around me i feel like i can't see anything anymore until look at myself in the mirror and know how the rest of today tonight ia gonna go but i'm so uplifted by these psychotic ideas and fantasies that are going on in my head and i know they are crazy but it's nice right now and just i keep reminding myself the walls and floors aren't really moving and i start to panic and wish i had someone here but i know i'm alone for now and there is no better way you know i would have called you by now and too be honest i wish anyone would have called me last but making sure everyone else is ok and safe is always more important. i'm done or any nuisance this time i wanna be peaceful i'm never stressed or angry like i've been these past few months but i'm just so calm and quiet and i've honestly never felt like this before but i dreamt you were given some money and went to china and a bunch of countries to work and travel makes me happy right now thinking about it i'd rather still feel like im in a fantasy ,i'd rather think i still had a chance with you instead of the reality, when i realize it's been months and your already gone. wrote a will out when i was upset a month ago but i didn't rip it up or anything i know i'll be able to make you smile one more time and you may even be pissed and honestly i'm gonna keep smiling about it because i know someday ur gonna get it. talk tomorow	🖤
i'm just so... i don't even know.	😕
i wish i had the courage to end it but sadly i don't so guess who's suffering in silence	😊
i dont think ill ever be happy again. ever. i have absolutely no will to live anymore and i don't even know why i'm holding on still. like i genuinely don't want to be here anymore and somehow i'm okay with it. i don't want to do life or anything like that. i'm sick of everything and everyone and how i sad i am about literally the dumbest shit. i have no will to continue and i think it's time to just end it. i've always wondered when i'd reach that point where i actually didn't want to live anymore and i think i'm there. i don't want to exist pathetically anymore like i'm really tired of it. i've been waiting for things to get better since as long as i can remember and it never has. it's only gotten worse. nothing means anything to me anymore. i'm actually really happy that i have no will to live anymore because now i can end it without hesitation. anyways. i don't know why i'm posting here... lol. deuces	✌️
i'm ending my life tomorrow.hi. i never thought i'd post on here. i don't even know where to begin. i'm 22. i've suffered from depression for as long as i can remember, and have had suicidal thoughts since i was 10. i believe i have bpd, but it hasn't been diagnosed. i've attempted suicide a handful of times but never succeeded, mostly because i wasn't 100% committed to the idea. i don't have a bad life. i'm not close to my family, but we're not estranged either. my parents love me, but didn't really know how to handle my emotional issues and i never got the help i needed when i was a child, so i've been trying to play catch up on my own since i've had access to resources. medications don't work. therapy doesn't work. meditation doesn't work. healthy diet and exercise doesn't work. i'm at a loss for what to do. i was bullied severely as a child and i thought, once that stopped, i'd be happy. but i wasn't. then i was fighting with my parents all the time, and i thought once i moved out and went to college, i'd be happy. i wasn't. i went to school for 3 years but then dropped out because my depression got in the way. i lost all my friends and my apartment and i recently had to move back home. since the beginning of this year, i've moved back in with my parents, my car has broke down for the third time, i've started a miserable job i'll probably be stuck in the rest of my life, and worst of all, this week i lost my best friend of 7 years. she was the most important person in my life. my soulmate. she's cut off all contact with me and i don't blame her. i was so motivated at the start of this year to be a better person but without her by my side, i don't want to be anything. all the color has drained from the world. i can't eat. i can't sleep. and it's not her fault i feel this way. it's the realization that i'm such a terrible person that the best friend i've ever known, who's been there through thick and thin, who just the night before she stopped talking to me was telling me how everything was going to be okay, could completely cut me off. i hurt her so bad that all the promises of our future together are no more. and i cannot forgive myself for that. i'm going to make an exit bag, but a real shitty one since i have no car to go get supplies. i only have stores i can walk to available to me. i just so happened to find out i have the day off work tomorrow, so my parents will leave me at home alone before they go off to work. i'll then go pick up my supplies and come home and hopefully within the hour i'll be gone. i don't know why i'm writing this out. i guess i want to tell someone. it seems weird to die and just not say goodbye. so. goodbye. if it doesn't work or i change my mind, i'll update by saturday night and let everyone know. if i don't update, you'll know it worked. i just want to urge anyone out there who's thinking of suicide... please, don't do it. i know i sound like a hypocrite but one day everything's going to work out for you, no matter what you're dealing with. the world wouldn't be the same without you in it. i'm sure after i'm gone, there will be people who will wish i hadn't done it. but i'm being selfish. i don't want to suffer anymore. don't make my same mistake. thank you for taking the time to read my post. it's good to know my final thoughts will be read by someone.	🖤
anyone figured out a time machine? ya know, so we can go back in time and correct mistakes? wishful thinking i know	😅
from suicidal to getting people out of suicidesincerely thank you all so much for helping me. i posted here in the past before on looking for a cheap and painless way to die, but i realised how foolish i was. now i really want to help to get the people suffering here out of their misery. i'm still relatively new, so i'm not too sure on how to console the people here.... but i'm willing to try! thank you all so much!	😅
please respondwhy can i go unconscious when i try to hang myself?. i just wanna die so fucking bad and i cant i cant do this anymore	😩
it will break my beloved parents hearts in two forever they have been the most loving, supportive and understanding parents i could ever ask for. they hug me, feed me, take me to treatment and i absolutely adorn them. but it's not enough. and it's not their fault. i suffer from an incurable physical condition and it has gotten to the point where my suffering has outstripped my will to love. i have set a date. but i know it will break their hearts forever. i never ever intend for that to happen. i don't think i can forgive myself.	💔
i'm ending my life tomorrow. hi. i never thought i'd post on here. i don't even know where to begin. i'm 22. i've suffered from depression for as long as i can remember, and have had suicidal thoughts since i was 10. i believe i have bpd, but it hasn't been diagnosed. i've attempted suicide a handful of times but never succeeded, mostly because i wasn't 100% committed to the idea. i don't have a bad life. i'm not close to my family, but we're not estranged either. my parents love me, but didn't really know how to handle my emotional issues and i never got the help i needed when i was a child, so i've been trying to play catch up on my own since i've had access to resources. medications don't work. therapy doesn't work. meditation doesn't work. healthy diet and exercise doesn't work. i'm at a loss for what to do. i was bullied severely as a child and i thought, once that stopped, i'd be happy. but i wasn't. then i was fighting with my parents all the time, and i thought once i moved out and went to college, i'd be happy. i wasn't. i went to school for 3 years but then dropped out because my depression got in the way. i lost all my friends and my apartment and i recently had to move back home. since the beginning of this year, i've moved back in with my parents, my car has broke down for the third time, i've started a miserable job i'll probably be stuck in the rest of my life, and worst of all, this week i lost my best friend of 7 years. she was the most important person in my life. my soulmate. she's cut off all contact with me and i don't blame her. i was so motivated at the start of this year to be a better person but without her by my side, i don't want to be anything. all the color has drained from the world. i can't eat. i can't sleep. and it's not her fault i feel this way. it's the realization that i'm such a terrible person that the best friend i've ever known, who's been there through thick and thin, who just the night before she stopped talking to me was telling me how everything was going to be okay, could completely cut me off. i hurt her so bad that all the promises of our future together are no more. and i cannot forgive myself for that. i'm going to make an exit bag, but a real shitty one since i have no car to go get supplies. i only have stores i can walk to available to me. i just so happened to find out i have the day off work tomorrow, so my parents will leave me at home alone before they go off to work. i'll then go pick up my supplies and come home and hopefully within the hour i'll be gone. i don't know why i'm writing this out. i guess i want to tell someone. it seems weird to die and just not say goodbye. so. goodbye. if it doesn't work or i change my mind, i'll update by saturday night and let everyone know. if i don't update, you'll know it worked. i just want to urge anyone out there who's thinking of suicide... please, don't do it. i know i sound like a hypocrite but one day everything's going to work out for you, no matter what you're dealing with. the world wouldn't be the same without you in it. i'm sure after i'm gone, there will be people who will wish i hadn't done it. but i'm being selfish. i don't want to suffer anymore. don't make my same mistake. thank you for taking the time to read my post. it's good to know my final thoughts will be read by someone.	🖤
those who care can't help, and those who can help don't care listen, there's just too many obnoxious details. i should just get over it. it's not that bad. i don't actually want to kill myself. i wish i were brave enough to but i don't want my nephews to grow up having to talk about their crazy aunt who committed suicide when they were 3 and 1. also my ex-therapist and ex-roommate would make it about herself. but it's astonishing to me how people can say things like, "there were just no signs, how could they kill themselves?!" literally my standard greeting these days is, "well, i haven't killed myself yet today." and people laugh, like i'm joking. they see me crying in the middle of rehearsal and i make "jokes" like that, and they think i'm fine? i reach out to the people who can help me, and they call me elitist, and ungrateful, and ignorant. i tell them i'm in pain and upset and they ignore me. i get the picture: i'm not worth the time to respond. i'm not their problem. but, jesus christ, even if it were my worst enemy, *i* would take the time to ask, "are you getting help from anyone?" i know i'm horrible and i keep sending horrible messages to my """"""ex""""" and he just ignores me. i beg him to at least piss on me while i'm on fire and he ignores me. if he asked me for anything, even to fuck off, i would do it, but he just ignores me. i'm the crazy ex and i can't stop it. the worst part is that i *am* elitist and ungrateful and ignorant. but ignoring me when i reach out just reinforces that i'm useless. which i guess is true. i *am* useless. oh, i'm useful enough, when someone needs to use me, but when i have a problem? it's "why don't you move somewhere else where there's more opportunities?" i'm going through antidepressant discontinuation syndrome too. if you've never experienced that, lucky you. i asked a few friends to please send me some weed (i don't smoke, i've never smoked, but literally i've puked while driving because the brain shocks and motion sickness are awful) and they ignore me. i don't want to spend $300+ on a shit ton of illegal substances that i don't even know will work! i just want to close my eyes and go away. but it's fine: after easter i'm quitting everything extracurricular. no more performing, no more playing, no more being elitist and ungrateful and ignorant. i'll just be a hermit in my apartment and i won't disturb anyone again.	🙄
my best friend had her heart broken and is feeling suicidal hello guys, i've only stumbled upon sw a couple of hours ago so excuse me if my post seems slightly out of place... but i hope not. the next few paragraphs are merely for some context on the two of us and our relationship. i am a male, we are both at university together and there is no kind of love interest between one another nor has there ever been. i will tell you the story in what i think is sufficient detail to get advice, but not too much, as i am not entirely comfortable with exposing what is a delicate part of another one's life. my friend has always had a tough life, be it through her family or through those who we are forced to spend time with in certain situations, like school. her parents are not as present as she would like, since it is the only way they can make enough money for her and her brother to live a stable (no luxury) life and to keep studying and working towards a good life. she has always been deeply aware of that and has given her ultimate best in every task or challenge she faces. her heart and head have always been in the rightest of places and i have never refused to let her know how proud i am of that or how wonderful that is. at school, ever since... ever, she has never been the most social person, often preferring to stay in her own corner, just doing her thing. that is something that should obviously be respected, however not everyone thinks the same and she has been bullied throughout as a result. all psychological and all due to her way of being. she dealt with all of that mostly well, in fact just the other day she remembered some of the people who mistreated her and went to look them up, finding out their lives have deteriorated and she thought it was a funny outcome to see how they eventually got screwed over. whatever makes her happy... we met at university and it was through her initiative, i was taking a class and she approached me out of the blue asking me for notes because she hadn't been able to attend some previous days. so we talked about it and suddenly she opened up to me, telling some small stories and i did the same, there was some sort of instant mutual trust established there. fast forward some years and she says i am like a brother to her. i feel the same towards her. which is why i have been distressed over this. now that i have given you some context, on we go to the situation that triggered her suicidal thoughts... after she entered university, she met someone who was a mutual friend of the two of us. they established a relationship slightly beyond friendship... but never quite went with it. she always had some doubts - sometimes he would profess his love towards her, only to be caught with someone else at a uni party some days later, or he would just throw tantrums over random things. at one point, it would look like they really had some love relationship, but she never quite opened up entirely to it. she would always come back to me, having some questions, but never rushing or panicking. she wanted him to change his reckless behavior and start treating her the way she deserved. she waited for him for some time... never quite wanting to just throw everything under the bus, always leaving the door open for him. he never took his chance. the window closed, she was done with his drama. i always thought it would end that way and that she did not deserve to be left hanging for someone who never knew what he wanted or how to behave. she would ask me for my sincere opinion and that is what i always told her. but do not mistake that for her taking my opinion blindly - she would never do that. right after she decided she was done with this, she met someone else who was a friend of him. they met online and started talking about random things... eventually they got close enough for it to be called love. they met up in person and they started dating. she did not have to wait anymore - finally, such a wonderful, kind and loving person found her match... it was endearing. they knew what they wanted and they went with it. their personalities are similar. they know boundaries and how to respect one another. everything perfect. in the past, she would often tell me how she would end up alone in a decade or two, and i would always doubt that someone like her would not find anyone decent. and it happened, during the summer. university restarted and this new person would attend classes way down south in the country. they would only be able to meet on weekends. hard enough to get used to, but they wanted to make it work, so yeah, it's what we have and let's make the most of it. i am in a sometimes-long-distance relationship myself and she asked me for advice. i really thought they would make it work. they didn't. just the first week, she went to meet him and he broke up with her, out of the blue. he said their relationship would get in the way of his studies, that the distance was too much and so forth... so, suddenly, he didn't know what he wanted anymore. at that point, she really thought this relationship would finally last, with no problems, that she had found her "one" - even if they had only been together for a couple of months. i did mention at one point that it looked like she was diving in too fast, but she was clearly infatuated by him, in a very big scale. there was no warning her, no changing her mind, nothing. until he slammed the door on her. her apparently perfect match suddenly gone. she was alone, some hundred miles away from home, at night. what to do... she wandered around the town until she had a bus to get back, heart and mind completely torn apart. they don't talk anymore. he never actually said it was completely over, just that he didn't feel it was the right time for them. she still thinks they could eventually get back together. the other guy knows about everything and has made rumors spread throughout uni, he is clearly salty over how their "thing" ended. she feels judged and observed by people who have no idea about what happened in either case. it's a horrible feeling. she has become a shadow of herself. she can't sleep, she eats less, she studies less, she can't keep her mind off it. i have had my share of love problems myself, ultimately culminating in suicidal thoughts too. i had a detailed, lethal plan. i knew exactly what i could do, how and when. i never followed through... because my gf came into my life unexpectedly and changed the course of things wildly. i got lucky and i managed to move past that. but i know the signs. i know when it's going through someone else's mind. so i confronted my friend, calmly and respectfully. i asked her about it. she confirmed she had thought of it. she did not appear to be comfortable going into any more detail, so i respected that and didn't try to force anything out of her. sw... sorry for the long post, but in short, my best friend has love problems, got let down by a bunch of guys in ridiculous ways, had a past of bullying, and has thought of suicide, i am not sure on to what extent exactly. what can i do? is there anything i can do? what should i especially be aware of? any replies are appreciated, but thank you so much for just reading this huge post. ps - not uk or us, so here we don't have suicide hotlines or support as you guys do.	😊
considering suicide. i'm just so empty and so exhausted. the last 3 and a half years i've suffered from chronic tmjd where i've had headaches, facial pain, ear problems like a blown out speaker sensation with loud music and sounds, face sensitivity and just feeling hopeless. before this i was in the best period of my life where i was working, had friends and was super, super happy. in the last 3 years as i've gone to appointments, tried medications and been in pain and sad, i've developed severe anxiety and depression to the point where my life is getting smaller and smaller. the pain makes me anxious which then makes me depressed. then when the pain is easier, my anxiety will be bad and will stop me from doing things. i never had anxiety like this before my tmj issues flared up. i thought things were going to be so much better. just over 3 months ago, i had surgery on my jaw to hopefully rectify the problem. i had both discs in my jaw stitched back and my wisdom teeth taken out on all 4 sides. i was praying when i woke up from the surgery that there would be no more crackling when i swallow or no more damaged hearing. i was told the pain would take a while but the ear symptoms should go immediately. lying in my hospital bed after the surgery and all the symptoms still being there crushed me, but i was being positive. i remember the night before the surgery lying in bed thinking i felt 'good' mentally. no anxiety, no depression, just hopeful about the future. i knew it was a risk; go well and everything is back to myself. go badly, and i'd sink lower than ever. ever since the surgery, i've been a wreck. i collapsed a day later and was rushed to hospital. i was fully conscious but just felt completely vacant and spaced out. this was absolutely terrifying and they put it down to the heavy pain drugs i was on that makes people feel a little loopy. since then it's been anxiety attacks all the time, depression and just feeling unlike myself. these panic attacks are horrendous. i feel spacey headed and my mind convinces me i'm crazy. i can't stop shaking, pacing and can't switch my negative thoughts off. i was suicidal pretty much every day before this surgery because of the pain and the situation, and i think knowing all that had to happen was the symptoms to go and i was myself again just crushes me more. now in in a deeper hole with my pain, depression and now severe anxiety. my suicidal thoughts are overwhelming, but i keep going for my mum and my girlfriend. i honestly just want my old life back. before this, like i said, i was so, so happy. new job, new friends. i was making something of my life and then this hits me. i feel trapped like i can't move forward. i have a good day anxiety wise or depression wise. i feel happy, but then go to bed crushingly sad because i know my pains and symptoms haven't gone so i'm still stuck. i just feel totally, totally hopeless. thank you to whoever reads this.	❤️
tired.fucking tired of living	😔
im not looking for help i just want to tell my story (awful grammer alert) i know i'm gonna hear the your young life has more too it but i don't care about the future and have absolutely no interest in it and haven't in a long time i'm not trying to get attention so don't bother messaging me because i probably won't respond much if at all it's not to be mean i'm sure your great people with big hearts but i'm not suicidal i just want to die. now that that's kinda out of the way i'll tell you a little bit about myself i'm a 18 year old white male nothing special when i was young i cought myself crossdressing and wishing i were a girl told my parents i was trans when i was in the 6th grade and its just something that haunts my every day littarally 24/7 and makes me depressed outta my mind some times when i was in the seventh grade one of my close online friends passed away from breast cancer two weeks later her boyfriend who was an even closer friend killed himself which made the group we were all in split up and stop talking as much a few months later i moved from california to georgia then found out my best friend from school passed away from suicide as well i was so depressed that i stopped talking to everyone and isolated myself from people and was ready to die but i knew the pain it cause me and couldn't put that pain on my family i started 8th grade and made a friend she was nice and i told her about me being trans and a few months later we started dating she became very obsessive and abusive to the point where she wouldn't let me talk to anyone without being mad at me about it dated her from 8th grade to 11th grade where she cheated on me multiple times but i was too dumb to realize it at the time but in the summer i was out of town back in cali visiting family when i got a phone call saying she was pregnant with her drug dealers kid so i broke up with her and went on to my senior year where i had almost every call with her and to find her in them wearing my clothes she took from me while we were still together she dropped out a few weeks later and i isolated myself more then almost ever before and got so depressed and stressed my organs started to shut down on them self i graduated with 4 d's in my classes and went to work now i'm at my second job which is honestly a great job but i work almost all the time and when i'm off all i wanna do is die so i don't have to do any of this bull shit anymore i don't see a reason to live as stated before i feel like there is no saving and even if there was i don't want it yes i know there is more to life i get that there is more to the world i don't give one about it tho i just want to be gone so i don't have to feel anymore so i don't have to think and i don't have to do anything but be a corpse rotting in the ground sorry for the bluntness and sorry for the lack of emotion i find it easier to be mentally turned off all the time so i don't actually think about anything call me what you want think what you want that's my story sorry it sucks	✌️
why am i reaching out to strangers on the internet and hope they would give a shit if i diei find it weird and sad	😂
my timethink it's my time to go , idk what i did to deserve this, i wouldnt even wish this on my worst enemy:/. i don't even believe in god but it seems like all i do is pray now:(. i try to overcome it but it always comes back. i guess this is my last call for help.	😔
i don't want to be happy or to allow happiness in my life because of fear	😢
i feel like it's timehi i'm a 17 year old girl and i think it's time to end my life i'm feel trapped i suffer from adhd,asbergers, anxiety, depression and bdd i'm sick of my life i don't want to here anymore at all i've thought about it and i'm sure but i'm a little scared not because i'll feel bad, bc people will get over my death but because i'm scared it won't work. i stay with my mom i hate her she's never been a proper mom to me never got taught things etc, she's a horrible horrible person i have nowhere else to go i have family from my brothers side but i don't want to be a burden to them i just had a big argument with my mom told her she's partly the reason why i want to kill myself she then proceeded to shout my personal business in the street saying "it's not my fault you have bdd etc" i'm just asking for advice idk what to do anymore	😭
i'm outta herejust went to the pharmacy and bought everything i need peace 🏽	👋
from suicidal to getting people out of suicide sincerely thank you all so much for helping me. i posted here in the past before on looking for a cheap and painless way to die, but i realised how foolish i was. now i really want to help to get the people suffering here out of their misery. i'm still relatively new, so i'm not too sure on how to console the people here.... but i'm willing to try! thank you all so much!	😅
feeling done with life rnno friends, no family that cares about me, nothing just emptiness. no happiness, no smiles just fake emotions. thinking about ending it all soon. i've tried once before and it didn't work. can't even kill myself right i can't do anything right.	😭
yup keep deleting your comment	😂
gunshot. "the sadness will last forever."this is quite edgy but i dont consider myself that suicidal. but every now and then i have thoughts that my life is ending. when i listen to a certain song that conveys a melancholy emotion, i fantasize that i'm shot at the heart, killed in action. and i lay on the ground, my face lingered a remaining light, my youth is over. it's a beautiful way to die since i see this figuratively : my heart is too soft and big for this world, it had too much pain and being shot by a firearm symbolizes that it's excruciating than it ever was before. but then it's over. and people i know, especially my loved ones had anguish in their faces that i never wish upon them. loud cries feasting around. it seems like a beautiful way to die. as i take my last breath, i smiled weakly, my eyes losing its light, chanting something similar to van gogh's last words. "the sadness will last forever."	😅
17 year relationship ended by suicide my life partner of 17 years lost his battle with depression 7 weeks ago. he hung himself in our garage and i found him. his depression has always been manageable with a few dark clouds here and there. i never saw this coming in a million years. we had a beautiful life together. my reason for posting in this thread is now i'm having similar feelings that i don't want to live anymore. i've done a bunch of research and there is a term for what i'm feeling called "widowhood effect". i am wanting to end my life but don't even know where to start. i have looked up a lot of different methods but the one that stands out most for me is inert gas asphyxiation with nitrogen (suicide bag) or charcoal burning. i hate that my life has come to this but i miss my partner too much to care anymore. i just want it all to end but don't know where to begin. sigh!	😔
suicide wish i was dead sick of being lonely	😔
well, i'm tryingmy father left my house long time ago, he tried to harm my mom so she left him. i'm proud of her. i had a step-father and he left us to. i'm not sad about it, i didn't actually accept him, i disliked him so i guess it's ok. but lately, my sister's anorexya and 2 of my mom's friends got cancer, i feel like i can't handle it anymore. i wanted to live a long and good life, studying forest auxiliary (google translate) and wanting to become a firefighter to help people, but i feel like i can't help myself anymore. i wanted to be productive all my live, not because me, i used to like live, but my firts goal was my family hapinness. now it looks like an imposible goal, and my life looks usseless, as i can't keep anything up. i lost contact to good friends, the only one who i've talked to is a computer freak (like i used to be), but he does not care about my personal issues. i feel so ashamed of myself. i want to be strong, i want to be the pilar that holds my family togheter, i want to help other people, but i just can't help myself. i won't ever kill myself because it would be 2 hard for my mom and aunt, but i'm losing hope so quickly, i just want to become invisible or something like that. it's so hard. i'm sorry for the long post, and sorry for my bad english. i used to care about my mistakes and so but actually i just care about my sister and my mother. sorry if i've wittren some misscence words, but i'm drunk and hopeless. listening to rock songs so i can get some hope. just sorry for wasting your time and wanted to apologyze. hope to see you soon. thaank you . edit: actually i'd like to die with something like an overdose, so my family believes that it was my fault, not theirs. i was just a piece of shit, and i was so stupid. if nobody can cheer me up, i hope somebody can give me advice with how to kill myself and look like and accident. i wan't to suffer with my death, i wan't to feel my last feelings.	💔
hey guys. it's the guy from earlier i was kinda drunk. i really appreciate the support. still kinda drunk but she called me and told me how much she cares about me. i also want to reiterate that it wasn't mainly about her. i just realized i was really depressed. thanks guys. if you want check out my instagram. @9clout thanks guys	😕
i'm such a pathetic loser...instead of just taking care of myself, i constantly smoked weed, cigarettes and ate garbage. like pure self-destruction and at a level that every sane person would look at and think: what the fuck am i doing. when i quit i finally figured out: bruh. life is fragile as fuck. i was a skinny kid who heavily abused his body for 9 years. so what i do is hit the gym 6 times per week. get a healthy diet. gain 20kg in weight and completely turn my life around. the ultimate regret hits me so heavily though. i've done everything wrong and ruined everything. how could i've been such a fool??? i become so emotional because i know it's extremely likely i will die soon. the depression overtakes me so heavily. i become beyond emotional and don't live with common sense anymore. start to look at suicide as a solution. in a drunk impulse i send some messages to my ex that i miss her. she dismisses me and blocks me. new account and i tell her that i'm done with life, fuck improving, it's all pointless bullshit. eh yea, dumb shit that i said that, but i was extremely depressed and didn't think about what i was doing. then my ex gets angry. i explain myself to her but she obviously just thinks 'eh yea you smoked a lot and so on? not my problem that you were a fucking idiot. leave me alone' and she keeps engaging a bit and then blocking me. i'm in my emotional mind so i keep making new accounts all the time. she says i 'didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so i'm like 'but i've changed so much!!' so i try to save it by arguing with her about that she was talking about irrational behavior so she explodes and writes a message to completely humiliate me. for like 6 months i constantly think about that shit all the time. i feel so sad and angry at her. the pain is so unbearable how she completely humiliated me (i did it to myself though) so i just spam her all the time, at first getting angry and insulting her back a bit, but later begging to talk it out and explaining myself. and now i'm just like: what the fuck was my problem... i'm such a pathetic loser for ending up in this situation. weak! irredeemable! i hate myself! loser! idiot!	🙄
why!i wonder why no one likes me or wants to be my friend i actually give up nothing good going for me	😞
i'm ok and i miss ulife is a bitch but we're here posting for help and support in time everyone	❤️
where are the carotid arteries located? how can i feel them? how long would it take to bleed out & die if they got cut/stabbed/severed?	🤔
i struggle so much with having done this...ok trying to make this as brief as possible: mental breakdown around january last year. went from an extremely heavy and skinny smoker who only ate garbage to a gym rat. eating, eating, eating, 4000 calories of the healthiest food per day, becoming strong and healthy. always hitting the gym. however: i get filled with regrets because the contrast is so huge. i feel like i'm about to die. also get so fucking angry at myself and feel like the biggest failure ever. i mean... who smokes!? who neglects his health!? only losers do that. self-esteem below zero. suicidal thoughts. extremely depressed. i contact my ex to talk about it. look up to her because she's 8 years older. i'm 28, she's 36. tell her i miss her and she blocks me. in an impulse i make a new account and i start it off on the wrong foot with extremely negative texts like calling life pointless bullshit (fucking toxic behavior of me) she gets angry and i feel like i have to explain myself. she constantly says something i want to reply to and then blocks me so i keep making new accounts. one time she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so i make a new account one last time to reply with 'but i did change'... then she explodes. writes a message to hurt me as much as possible and says she will never reply again. says shit like 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... saying that to me in my situation is pure poison for my brain. it's black on white and becomes engrained in my brain. everything went wrong here. how i started it off with those negative texts and then tried to save it by continuing to make new accounts while my ex just wanted me to leave her alone. my ex also being unempethatic as fuck which makes me want to explain myself even more. her ending it in that horribly cruel last message... after that it keeps repeating in my head every single minute of the day. i'm so frustrated, angry and sad that she said that to me because it completely ruins my mental health and makes me feel hopeless while she doesn't know the full story. the only thing that made me feel proud of myself is how i've turned my life around, but that feels completely in vain after her last message. i can't cope with it and constantly write messages and delete them again only to write them again everyday explaining myself and apologizing. i also insult her back and say horrible things at some point. most of it was friendly though. telling her i know it was bad what i did. she never replies. after like 4 months of doing that shit she gets rid of her instagram i wrote a last extremely personal e-mail to her work, but she left that company so it got forwarded to her co-workers. holy shit. conclusion: i've turned into a stalker. should i kill myself? i can't live with the embarrassment and shame... it's also not something i did in the heat of the moment. i kept contacting her day after day. it's a pattern. i'm just a fucked up person.	😓
anyone about to suicide wanna go on a crazy 'fuck it' adventure first??! sup reddit, i'm 17m and ended up with no friends or family. spent the past year doing drugs by myself but have stopped now. i'm working full time and have some money saved up. hate my life etc. thinking since i'll probably kill myself soon anyway may as well use that money to go on some sick adventure first. anywhere in the world, anything. fuck it may as well. anyone my age on the brink of suicide wanna join? will be fun	😁
fuck my bitch gf y'all remember 22 jump street? "my name is jeff"? man, wasn't that a funny joke x amount of years ago. oh, it's sooooo funny when i hear it today haha so funny good original joke, asshole. fuck my bitch girlfriend, but not literally. i break up with her because she's a burden on me. assuming shit, victimizing herself and blaming me. as if she was doing nothing wrong. then, a few days after the break up, she asks about my friend, what his age is, does he have any social media etc etc. then says "i don't know if i want to go after one of your friends ". oh yeah, real funny. a knee slapper. then she asks my other friend to hang out. now she's pretty much dating another one of my friends. and they both say "i don't want any drama" ha. haha. the ones who don't want it are the ones who create it, isn't it true? i can't look at either of them and i am not talking to them fuck that. she doesn't understand, he doesn't seem like he does either. "bury the hatchet" he says. yeah okay. you dug it up bro. she says she's not doing it on purpose but no one especially not her can convince me that she isn't going after my friends on purpose. bs. capital b, capital s. now i'm fucking jealous she's getting all these guys and attention and i get fucking nothing. years on okcupid, 10 likes. years on tinder, maybe 15. wow in a population of 2 million 25 people like me. ok. and none have worked out. i love getting ghosted and lied to. feels great. i'm so fucking lonely. i hate my life. i hate i'm skinny. hate the acne, hate the laziness, i hate i'm unmotivated. i hate i don't do anything about it. i feel like i can't. but i want to. i can't even think of it all right now but i don't like anything about myself. my height maybe, they say girls like tall guys. well i must be awful at everything else and in every other category because i'm 6'3" and i don't get shit. y'all know that song jumper by third eye blind? i'm the title. or i'm going to be, soon. if this continues. except i'm not anyone's friend. and i don't want to step back from the ledge when i get there. fuck my life. fuck my girlfriend. fuck that one friend. fuck it all. what's it worth anymore? nothing. i'm useless. worthless. of no value to society.	😂
every time i drink have the worst thoughts about myself and i don't even drink that often. i know i should keep it to only a few drinks and just be social about it. but i don't want my family to think something is wrong because i don't want to drink..i don't know what to do	😞
probably the last time i'll ever be here... ...it's a stressful week so far. i am feeling down all the time. and... i think it's the last time i'll ever be here... i don't think anyone is concerned about me. thanks for trying to help me... goodbye...	😔
for the amount of times i've been told to 'get over it', you think i'd be healthy by now i'm surrounded by some class act folks, let me tell you. they keep telling me to never bottle any emotions up and to always be open, but they always tell me to get over myself the second i do. i think they might actually be top level therapists without knowing about it. they have a point though, being suicidal must be pretty annoying for them so it's best that i stop being selfish and just fix it by going for a run or something. i'd love to keep writing but i got an 'it' to get over so i better get my sneakers on	🙃
i feel like i'm cursedeverywhere i go it's like people hate me and something bad is always happening to me. i just want to go to sleep and not wake up	😞
my psychiatrist said no :'( i just saw my psychiatrist today. he said no to ect. i burst out in a fit of crying and any ray of hope i had was flung out the window. he said that ect is highly controversial and he doesn't want to risk it. meanwhile, i am so depressed from my total insomnia, dysphagia/trouble swallowing and whole body parathesia. but doctors can't find nothing physically wrong w/ me. they've done mri and eeg. i had a chemical reaction to cbd oil and flonase nasal spray combination that can't be proven. i think of suicide daily. i just want to f*****g die if i can't get better. if i can't get better there is no point in living. he said i can get a second opinion. i don't know how i'm going to do that and i'm afraid i'm still going to get no.	😭
wanting to die :/ hi, i don't really let me feelings out but i can say on here because i feel comfortable. basically i'm wanting to end my life. i've been depressed since i was 10 years old i'm now 17 i attempted suicide twice at 11 years old, once by a plastic bag over my head and the 2nd time i tried drowning myself. i've got nothing going for me i dropped out of school due to severe anxiety, i don't work due to my anxiety. i live with my mum who has mental health issues bipolar and bpd i can talk to her how i'm feeling but she just gets angry and i don't want to put any more stress on her i have no other family they are alive but we cut contact with them years ago. everyday i cry myself to sleep hoping i don't wake up, i know that sounds selfish but i generally don't want to be here. im really ugly and insecure i see all these pretty girls with loads of friends and good families and i just wish i had that. i never had a proper family my mum was more like a auntie she was never a proper mum when i was younger our house was really messy due to my mums mental health so that left a fear as i was growing up, our house is clean now since my mum got help but i'm always the one cleaning it i'm just so scared as my mum is going bad again. idk what to do anymore i just give up i'm so stuck our mental health clashes i just feel like if i die everything will be better. i got bullied when i was younger because i was stick thin and wasn't social. i'm turning 18 in april so i'm wanting to do it then but i'm scared :/	😭
a story about no longer fearing deathi have been suicidal for literally as long as i can remember, about 7 years probably. two years ago i had a pregnancy scare. i was super scared and worried, i had nobody to talk to and no way to check of i actually was pregnant. while i was wondering if i was pregnant, i had come to a conclusion i thought i would never have the balls to come to... "i'll kill myself." i have a silent death wish, but this was a serious, no fear statement. i was going to kill myself if i was pregnant. i wasn't scared at all, because i had no other way out, it had to be done...... maybe it was shock, but i felt kinda good... like, being able to just know if i ever fuck up my life so bad i can't go back i can comfortably just kill myself. i don't know how i'd do it, but that was never something i thought about. it's helped me get over my suicidal thoughts as whenever one pops into my head, i just tell myself "this isn't a life changing situation, you can't kill yourself" and it puts me at ease. suicide never leaves my head, but i've managed to put tape on it's mouth until it's time i take it off. thanks for reading	👋
i've been in the meat freezer for too longi feel so numb emotionally. i guess i've skipped through all the stages of grief and set them aside for a rainy day. but if i really think hard about it, it all rushes back like a tidal wave. forever is forever. something like that scary in a world made of temporary things. forever hated. the stars may burn out one day but that hate won't. it will last longer than the last hydrogen atom. thinking about my rapist alot considering it happened a year ago on the dot. i feel dirty. i hate men. i hate men so fucking much. makes me want to punch one in the face. i hate everyone actually. my abuser and her thugs make it seem like i should be thankful they even talked to me. like that's some sort of privilege to be in their presence. i've wasted the god's time apparently. helping isn't giving crappy advice and then splurging at the first interaction with my depression. i must be so privileged to have ever been given a second chance. what a boy like me must've done to offend such a gentle angel . remember to take the cores out of your apples. makes them taste better. no one likes seeds in their stomaches.	🙄
no more posts for a while! i'm reaching the point in this journey where i know now that i'll just kill myself when i have the opportunity. i missed this latest one because i really thought my life was going to turn around, but due to covid that just wont happen anymore. my death probably wont happen until two years from now. things do not get better. i feel i'm losing every good part of myself but i cant stop. many of us here are so alone. we work, go to school, maybe some of us even have relationships. we try to get help. but there is no resolution until we are dead. we all reach a point where there's just not a point in fooling ourselves. i mourn the life i tried to have. i hate lying but i can do it. i can say i'm fine. over and over. i'm not going to reach out to people ever again. i will kill myself. this time i wont make any excuses. the people who care cant really be there for me & it's okay, i understand that now & i think it is pointless to cause them anymore pain. i just have to help my brother & after i've done that ive done all i can. farewell you sweet, beautiful, courageous people. you make me feel less afraid to leave this earth. in some way, we are doing it together. i love you all.	👋
i'm about to have a mental breakdown.i need some love and good memes please	❤️
bye	😔
i had my second suicide attempt some minutes ago, i tied my neck and untied. i don't know what the hell is stopping me...i was only 11 when i dreamt about suicide for the first time. the reason was my parents wanted me to wear certain religious clothes even though i didn't want to (i know that's a weird reason) then i got over it but had many reasons led me to suicidal thoughts (like low exam marks, bullies, etc...) now i'm 16, in the beginning of this year i was feeling so empty. i don't even know the reason why i was depressed at that time (i'm chronically depressed so don't remember the reasons often) i wanted to get overdose painkillers but i got 5 then i stopped. sat down and cried. i don't know what stopped me nowadays i've been feeling so empty again. i still have troubles with my parents about religious stuffs. i decided that they wouldn't love me if they learn i'm not a member of their religion, they would even kill me. so i don't believe in their love, and they always tell me "no one loves you as much as us" but my parents both love me for benefits. no religion no daughter. it made me feel numb. i don't even want to talk with my parents, i can't even talk to them. i don't know what to talk with them. tonight my mom came to my room, i couldn't even say "hi" i could only say "this room is so small you had better leave" so she angrily left and said "be happy with your phone" i feel numb. i don't feel something against people, everything seems so cold. my mom went to her bedroom, then i grabbed my bathrobe belt. tied my neck, wanted to tie the other part to the ceiling but my hands started shaking. i couldn't do that. i couldn't get my guts to do that. my body was just shaking. i was thinking about nothing. (ah stupid me forgot even writing a suicide letter) if i had written a suicide letter and told them i'm an atheist then committed suicide, they would be angry instead of being sad. maybe didn't even let my corpse be buried. so what would they feel after i die is nothing to me. i don't know what stopped me, i'm seriously angry with myself. i'm 16 only years old and my life will continue like this, depressed all the time. i don't want this, i want to get rid of this as soon as possible but i can't do it. p.s: i was going to say "encourage me to commit suicide" but inside my heart there was a sound saying "hope some people may give me advices about my chronical depression" then it doesn't even mean i want to kill myself. i'm too confused, yes i want to die but i don't want to die as well. i don't know what to do, now i'll just go and sleep	💔
i want to sleep so i can't feeli go to bed and i'm nothing just darkness for 10 hours wake up wishing i didn't and look forward to going back to bed so all the pain and emotion isn't there i'm just nothing. everyone sees a me smiling and laughing but i really go home close the door and sit down and start to self harm or go into a dark room and just lie in my bed. i'm broken i've tried everything you can name and nothing has worked my anti-depressants saved my life but now there just not working i used to wake up somewhat happy and not wanting to die but now it's pure raw pain. i didn't ask to be born i didn't want to be born. if i tell the truth to people i'll end back up in a fucking suicide ward. don't mind me ranting this is the only place where i can somewhat release all this	💔
anybody want to be "don't kill yourself" buddies? i'm dangerously code to procuring an exit bag, and i think it may be a good idea to regularly talk with someone who wants to keep going but is close to the edge. i know for sure we'll have being suicidal in common, so we could start our new friendship with that!	🙃
ayy hooray for being uselessliterally all i do is hurt the people i love so i'm gonna leave them all, cya	👋
it's depressing how nobody caresbut funny at the same time cos my life is a joke and i wouldn't expect anything less	😂
it's not right.. i don't know what to do. i feel so disconnected from the people in my life.. i constantly feel hopeless and depressed and suicidal. my past destroys every waking moment of my life.. i have such a desire for a meaningful connection and friendship. i've only found that with one person. she's online and i can't get to her. i love her so, so much. i fear she won't be around much longer. she has sent me a long goodbye and it truly feels like the end. it's not right for her to abuse me like this but it's real and it's happening. she said she will send me numbers to send it to before she goes.. and i know she has only sent this goodbye to me ahead of time because i'm not there in her life, in person. it's so fucked up. i'm barely holding on and i really think that i will follow her. i keep breaking down. i'm losing it. i don't know what will help this situation so i'm really just venting. she promised she would never talk to me again if i called the cops.. plus she has drugs... but i don't know how to contact anyone else that she knows. what do i do.. can someone help me through this pain even if it's just kind words or a pleasant conversation.	😔
depressive rant hey, i'm new to this reddit. where do i start? i'm depressed, i think i have been ever since i was a child. it's like life has never made sense to me in a way, like everything i do is wrong and everything i am is wrong - which is why my life is the mess it is right now. basic profile: i'm 27, a woman, have a bachelor's degree in finance & economics but for some reason i'm stuck in a commission sales job where i think i suck cos i'm barely making ends meet. i've been trying to get out of this industry for a while, but it's like you get pigeon-holed into sales once you step foot there. how i even got into this job? i screwed up in my previous stable job and had disciplinary hearings etc. i wasn't fired, but i resigned anyway thinking i could do better (big mistake). anyway here i am over a year later trying to claw my way out. i'm trying to study towards my honours degree part time (hopefully it will give me more leverage) but i'm so tired and stressed all the time and i each day i ask how the f@&k did i end up here? i'm just tired of the daily fight. and even worse is that this is a hell of my own doing. i don't even want to blame anyone or anything, i made this bed, but i'm done. i just feel like i wasn't made for this world, and each day i'm reminded of this. anyhow i'm gonna continue with life because i have no choice, but every now and then out becomes unbearable to push forwardand i just fall into a heap of despair (which i'm in now). i don't know if it gets better. does it? is it with continuing to see if it does?	😢
damn i can't believe i got shadowbanned from a suicide subsounds about right 🏽	👍
i don't see how it's possible to make a comeback after thisi quit smoking last year at age 27. after a traumatic childhood with a lot of abuse and both my parents dying i used it as a coping mechanism. then i looked back at my past. i always thought 'ah smoking isn't that bad, as long as you quit before 30'... but: i ate poorly too and i smoked spliffs. i started googling to reassure myself that i'll be fine, but spliffs are so much fucking worse for you. like... some studies say one spliff is 7 cigarettes. i'd smoke like 5 per day of them + 15 cigarettes. i lost it. i felt like i'm going to die soon. i was so stressed out. the stress made me fucking depressed. i also needed constant reassurance. then i contact my ex who is 8 years older and feels like my second mom. she apparently hates me now. i dumped her, she called last year to meet and forgive me, but i didn't go and she has every right to hate me. i didn't have the emotional intelligence to understand that she just wants to destroy me. i write that i miss her. she replies and blocks me. i make a new account and write negative shit. she tells me to get a life and blocks me again. i make a new account again to explain that i'm going to die. she says i'm just being tragic. i explain how unhealthy i lived and she's like: so what? own choice to live in a dumphole. i keep contacting again and again. every time she replies a little bit and then blocks me. it's so obvious that i should just leave her alone, but i don't because i'm an irrational idiot. she also says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. i make a new account and tell her 'but i did change!'... which is true: i live fucking healthy, hit the gym 6 times per week, gained a lot of weight and muscles, became disciplined, mature, graduated, focused on my career, hard-working guy. but then she snaps. she insults me sooooooo heavily. can you imagine when someone you used to love and still deeply care about says the most hurtful shit possible to you? well that's what happened. i completely lost my mind because of what she said. became extremely suicidal. she just completely fucked up my mental health forever by saying what she said. i became so desperate to talk with her so i just spammed and spammed her all the time on instagram. every single day for 4 months. sometimes i'd delete shit and write it again. i wrote a whole book to her. explaining why i acted like that. explaining that i dumped her because i felt she was ruining my life being with me. everything. i just had to talk with her. she had to understand me. she had to talk with me because i couldn't live with those insults. i wanted to die everyday because of what she said. in the end she got rid of her instagram though ugh... i completely fucked myself up by provoking her. of course she gets extremely angry, but i still care about her and look up to her so it hurts so much. unbearable to live with her insults in my head and being unable to make amends. unbearable to live with being a stalker. feel like the biggest loser on the planet. also, why didn't i just stop contacting after her last message? it was pointless and made her hate me even more. on the other hand, her insults were just so soulcrushing that i wanted to do everything to solve it. like seriously, this is such a huge stain on my life. things will never be the same again.	😓
wish getting help was easierthis is my first post on here i don't use reddit really often. i am someone who's been suicidal since 4th grade. i am 21 and although some aspects of my life have gotten easier other aspects are breaking me. i have been hospitalized both inpatient and outpatient help. i wish there was a way to get help and be honest without repercussions of being "locked up". mental hospitals have never helped me and if anything they just took away my dignity and made me feel i had to lie about how i feel. i feel stuck a part me wants to seek help again but the other part knows the path that leads me on. thanks for hearing me vent	😔
tonight's the nightthank you everyone that tried to help. it's too late for me. i hurt her and i'll never forgive myself. y'all are stronger. keep fighting the good fight. sad boi out.	❤️
finding it hard to continue yesterday my partner died of suicide. he left me a note explaining i was his world and he loved me but he was in too much pain and nothing was improving for him. that i was in a place in his heart. it hurts a lot. i miss him so much. i'm going around with his scarf around my neck. i miss him so much it hurts. i just really want to join him in death	😭
soon i'm coming home tarai have something that if i ingest it will further damage my heart. by tomorrow afternoon eat my turkey wings and pepsi i'm out of this existence. i'm coming home tara, see you when i get there	❤️
i feel hopeless i've just been so stuck and stressed out all of the time. i feel do fucking lonely and sad. i realise i have no friends, skills, talents, and im not smart. women want smart handsome confident guys and im not that and i just feel like there's no way out of this situation lately like im just in denial tbh. :( i wanna kms.	😞
going to the shooting range tomorrow ye. people on this site pushed me over the edge. have already been feeling extra crappy for the last week or so. yesterday i just started to feel like hey maybe i do deserve help. ... was actually supposed to see my doctor today for an appointment and referral to a psychiatrist but apparently because all my wounds are self inflicted i am not entitled to the same level of care as other people and "don't have a life threatening illness" so the tiniest glimmer of hope i had is gone. yeah good one 🏼 cya later world t minus 24 hours	👍
i thought it was over but it isn't. this feeling will never, never, ever go away.	😔
the life of a loser my body is numb, i dont feel pain. the emptiness, the loss of hope and purpose. i see your face in the rain, you could always remove my pain. beautiful and sweet, everything i ever dreamed of. with you i was depression free, now my heart is trying to flee. opioids, benzodiazepines and alcohol are holding together the pieces that's left of me. i tried to be brave, but that sent me to the grave. you f 1998-2018 - n	❤️
how close i amam tired of living, tired of being easy target for men because am trans, tired of alone, tired of cry, jobless, living with my parents. sometimes i think of suicide methods that scares me, wouldnt mind sleep and never wake up. actually i want to live but i cant change my life how hard i try. am i close to suicide or how close i am?	😭
invalidators and people who purposely misunderstand we put our most vulnerable thoughts and experiences out here. some of us made the decision to give up & cut our losses. some of us have faced reality for what it is. for some of us, there is no mental illness or delusions, just rational thinking. like pro choice sites, sites like this one remains open to full expression of thought and personal choices. it will sometimes draw people who invalidate, minimize and offer empty platitudes. "you matter." i don't think people purposely strive to be mean or hurtful. invalidation and minimizing can appear to be subtle forms of abuse. sort of like gaslighting which tries makes you doubt yourself. in terms of listening, it helps to listen to understand vs listening to respond. what does it take to understand what is important to another person who is in distress? what does it take to understand who they are, what they value, & how they make decisions? it would be helpful if someone who reaches out says. "i've not been where you are now, i'm not a therapist, i'm sure you've tried everything before reaching this decision, you're right, living wages are essential in todays market, to ensure our healthcare needs are met." or "budgeting is important. i respect your financial needs, to ignore them is irresponsible. to plan for tying up loose ends, makes sense." some people are at a place in life where they can pick up and move, work minimum wage, ignore health insurance because they have no health issues or live whimsically without plans. if you have that kind of time, then give it to yourself. when you're older like me, time has elapsed, health issues surface and our youth worshipping culture makes the older person's worth appear insignificant. this is is evidenced in the job market, and higher healthcare costs. our choices are personal. when our needs cant be met for whatever reason, cutting losses and making the right choice is the only option.	🙄
i feel like i should just end itthe thing is the feeling comes and goes and i hate, i don't want to keep on going, this world is shitty, this full of bad shit, everyone single shit is raping others and killing and they get to walk away, people are fighting for love and not letting her/him choose, i'm just done with the world, the only thing that is helping me go on with my life is my dream, my dream to be someday become rich or just rich enough to help the poor	💔
an invitation. hi. i'm not really sure if i should be doing this but here goes. i'm here to say that if anyone reading this would like to vent about something and get a random stranger on the internet opinions on it, i am here. i am not a therapist, but i am a good listener. i'm not trying to get your money and i'm not trying to trick you. the inspiration for me posting this comes from today. i have been suicidal for years but continue to stick around for my family, and tonight was the first time i ever reached out for help. i contacted 3 online crisis lines, which quite frankly made me feel even worse. one operator could barley even hold a discussion, another essentially hung up on me, and the other told me the service cost $200 a month. i feel like people like us who read these subreddits are not going find use in those services, so perhaps a real discussion with a human could help. in a strange way i find listening to others problems and trying to offer insight helpful to my own health, so if you are interested then let me know.	❤️
tommorow might be my day so i've been dealing with depression for almost 2 years now and tomorrow this shit is probably going to end so i thought i'd share my story here quickly. sorry if the formatting is weird, i'm on mobile so this all started february 2017. i started putting myself in bad social circles, hanging out with the wrong people. i've always had issues making friends and i've been bullied a lot throughout school. i'm now 17 years old. i started self harming this february because i felt guilty and ashamed of who i was spending my time with and who i was becoming. this just got worse and worse and i went from harming with steak knives to pen knives to razor blades and occasionally i burnt myself and scratched myself with a metal ruler until my skin was so raw that i bled out of the pores all down my arm. up until june 2018, this just got worse and worse. i had more and more suicidal thoughts. in may 2018 i dropped out of 6th form, struggling to even get out of bed in the morning. this just made things worse until june the 12th. this was the day that i tried to kill myself. i cut my wrist open with a razor blade and then cut a second time in the same place. i was going to cut again, i was deep in my wrist but i hadn't hit the vein yet. i was going to end it all but when i saw what i'd done, i was disgusted in myself and i decided to stop. i went downstairs to my dad and he drove me to hospital. i had 4 stitches and that was the end of that. after that, i started back at school but my useless ass eventually dropped out and started at the shitty local college. i knew i could do more than get a crappy diploma but when i was struggling to even find the motivation to get up. i stopped cutting after june the 12th but i started again 4 days ago. i've missed the last 3 weeks of college but tomorrow i'm meant to go back. i don't know if i can go back. i just feel so bad and i've been feeling this way for nearly 2 years now. i think i'm done with this shit. it doesn't matter anyways so i think that in the morning, i'm going to end this life. this whole fucking thing is a joke. i'm a privileged white teenager with a nice family. i don't have any issues near as important as most other people and yet i'm struggling to cope more than all them. i'm a pussy, its that simple. so tomorrow i'm going to do something stupid. maybe i'll pussy out again and just end up in the hospital but if i don't post again, i've put an end to this shit for good. thanks for reading and i hope you all have nice lives	😊
finally gonna do itfound out i was autistic which was horrible my hole life my only meaning was other people and turns out i have a disability that's impaires my ability to communicate with them, which oh since i'm a girl is only gonna get worse. my realtionships have been going downhill for a while and finally realized why my fcuking autism. that paired with the fact if your high functioning you lack a sense of self which i always though i would regain at some point but geuss not becuse it's a life long condition so gonna tell my therapist i'm gonna kill myself just to give her the heads up and then bounce. also this post may soukd a bit to casual for the subject matter but idk since deciding i was gonna kill myself i've felt happy and found it all rather funny and humorous	😂
to everyone herethis post isn't about me. even though i have depression and suicidal thought, this goes out to all of you.. i'm so proud of all of you, that might not mean a lot from a stranger on the internet but i mean it. i'm proud of you all for coming so far, despite all the pain you have, and all of the hardships and depression life has thrown at you. how brave you all are to come here and talk about your feelings, even though it's behind a screen, it still takes courage, and it means you still have at least some hope buried in you. you all have a lot to live for, and it warms my heart to see all the kindness and compassion here, the amount people care and are willing to reach out. i sincerely hope all of you get through this and the help you need.	❤️
nothing has helped after i thought my depression finally went away from a bit, after i've exercised, after i've talked to people, after i've made friends, after i've stayed positive for more than a month. it hurts a lot, the only thing that stops me now is my conscious telling me it's wrong to take my life but it dipped up today. bad. i wish i would stop caring about everything for a second, so it would stop hurting inside. i've met so many people that make my day positive. but it doesn't help. i wish my friends would kill me instead of me doing it so at least i don't have to worry about the pain i'll cause my parents. holding on sucks so much ass, i wish my nose would stop being so full so i can cry normally. i thought life was turning up. but i simply fell off a cliff and back at rock bottom.	😁
when you've lost everything what's the point in going on?i've lost my health. my physical appearance has gone down the drain. i'm physically unable to do all of the things i love. i've lost my sanity. my cognitive function is getting worse by the day. i've isolated myself from all of my friends. the only family i have left is my dad. 25, unemployed, and deteriorating by the minute.	😞
i can't do iti'm at the point now goodbye cruel world thank u to everyone who has tried pls don't think this is ur fault it's mine for deciding it	😭
gonna kill myself peace out u/warcrocco [<url>](<url>)	✌️
i'm in absolute agony rn, just lost my first long term relationship of 4;months. everything we did all the songs we listened to i can do those things without feeling extreme mental pain and it hurts nearly to the point of being physical please help me	😢
i can't anymore for the past few months everything that could have gone wrong has. i am a bulimic and i b/p everyday, my parents are driving me insane (please trust me on this one, i see myself as an reasonable human being and explaining anything on this theme extremely triggers me). i went to the schools therapist but she just brushed me off. as i said talking to my parents is impossible, i have no relatives in my country (only across the border), i have a few friends but i can't stay at their place forever since we are all underage. sorry if the post is all over the place but i'm extremely stressed and this is the best i can do at the moment	😔
suicidal again, i have a plan and everything. i honestly need someone to talk too, to help me cope a little no one is available, told people that i was suicidal and hurt and said they were gonna call me but then got busy, so now i have no one. sorry for the mini rant, i wish the best for all of you	❤️
still not sure if i should diejust a little sample i didn't start out with too much, i wish i could just be like the other people, with perfect mental health, i hate living with my condition, i don't even know myself anymore so i choose to drink my problems away whilst hiding my drinking from family and friends, i hate living my life, why couldn't i be born into a different life, a stable household and functioning family. everyone i talk to says it gets better, this is not what's happening. for the past 2 years i've tried everything i could to get ahead only to be held back by social anxiety, shitty parental support and i guess plain old bad luck. i was served a shit hand, it really won't matter if i'm gone, if anyone stopped to check in on me maybe i'd feel like i'm worth something, well, i hope you start to talk about me to all of your friends for attention, start to pretend like you care, you're all just as selfish as me. i don't care for the daily grind anymore, getting nowhere in life, doing nothing with my limited time on this earth. i wish i had a good job and a car, then i could believe that i was making a difference and not being a fucking leech to the system, i could drive places and get out of this fucking house every now and again i hate my grandparents for being such lazy, self destructive, hypocritical selfish pieces of shit, especially when my grandmother takes her frustration and problems caused by a lifetime of knowingly making bad decisions and not giving a fuck about the future out on me, and blames me and other people for everything wrong in her life instead of taking responsibility for her actions, fuck you, you lazy angry bitch of a cow i don't really have much to leave to anyone because i'm such a poor cunt, i guess i'll just have to leave you with the burden of my suicide. i hope i was a good son, brother, mate, partner, grandson, student. no one could have done anything to stop me feeling this way, i'm too scared to say anything out of fear for being judged as weak or crazy. i'll catch you later, have a great one i'm not sure who i'm going to leave this to, or when i'm going to do it but i hope my method is effective enough to make sure i'm dead before someone finds me and the ambos come	👍
if i keep feeling like shit till my birthday which is on the 3rd i'm really not interested in living anymore, dropped out of collage, every birthday feels like another year of disappointment, smoking bud everyday just to escape reality. i'm just tired of trying, disappointing everybody.	😞
i just want help.i just want help i constantly feel like i'm a disappointment and that everyone one hates me and that just leads n to my social anxiety the only person i truly love killed them self because of the mental and fiscal abuse she was experiencing from everyone in her life i always tried to stick up for her and we almost made a suicide pact but we never thought it would get that bad but it did and i tried to stop her, if your wondering what happened i called her to see if i could come over that day and she said yes so i came over and when i got there i heard crying coming from the bathroom and i opened the door to see her bleeding out in the bathtub with her wrists slit i almost just did it there but i was in to much shock and today was her birthday and i just give up i want help but counseling make my depression worse so if anyone can try to help then thank you, sorry for the inconvenience.	😂
everyday is a struggle both mentally and physicallyi've been depressed over a decade, but the last 3 years i've been tortured with suicidal thoughts. it's the very first thing i think about when my alarm goes off. i fantasize about my death constantly. the hard part is the ones i will leave behind. for the most part my anxiety and depression tell me no one really cares. it's really confusing. i've been rather open with a few family members about these thoughts, but no ones really done a damn thing to help me. i get it's hard to help someone who is suicidal. i just translate it to them not loving me. one being my mother. well, these past 4 months i've been in physical pain as well. i've seen a few doctors with no real diagnose nor any relief i am in pain every waking moment mentally and physically. i quit one of my two jobs due to the pain. i have 80% of my suicide letters complete. i am currently working in my list of things to do before i go. i don't know how i am going to do it, but i know it is going to happen. i decided to wait until after tk holidays. one last christmas with my family. i soak those moments up. i have 3 wonderful cats. i love them so very much. i hold them extra tight and give them more attention every day. i will miss out of so much when i'm gone but this pain is too much to handle. doctors aren't any help. i feel so alone in my struggle. i force myself through everyday. i cry myself to sleep thinking about any damage my exit will cause. wondering if my cats will properly cared for. how they will cope losing me. i am a very good cat dad and have extremely close bonds with my cats. i know they will miss me. it breaks my heart. i lost one of my best friends to suicide just last year. i found peace with it as he was struggling deeply. i hope my loved ones cns do the same. i wish things were different. without this physical pain i'd surely be holding on longer. i cannot do this much longer. to all of you struggling i am so very sorry. this isn't fair.	😭
i can't live with having done thisok trying to make this as brief as possible: mental breakdown around january last year. went from an extremely heavy and skinny smoker who only ate garbage to a gym rat. eating, eating, eating, 4000 calories of the healthiest food per day, becoming strong and healthy. always hitting the gym. however: i get filled with regrets because the contrast is so huge. i feel like i'm about to die. also get so fucking angry at myself and feel like the biggest failure ever. i mean... who smokes!? who neglects his health!? only losers do that. self-esteem below zero. suicidal thoughts. extremely depressed. i contact my ex to talk about it. look up to her because she's 8 years older. i'm 28, she's 36. i start it off on the wrong foot with extremely negative texts like calling life pointless bullshit (fucking toxic behavior of me) she gets angry and i feel like i have to explain myself. she constantly says something i want to reply to and then blocks me so i keep making new accounts. one time she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so i make a new account one last time to reply with 'but i did change'... then she explodes. writes a message to hurt me as much as possible and says she will never reply again. says shit like 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... saying that to me in my situation is pure poison for my brain. it's black on white and becomes engrained in my brain. everything went wrong here. how i started it off with those negative texts and then tried to save it by continuing to make new accounts while my ex just wanted me to leave her alone. my ex also being unempethatic as fuck which makes me want to explain myself even more. her ending it in that horribly cruel last message... after that it keeps repeating in my head every single minute of the day. i'm so frustrated and sad that she said that to me because it completely ruins my mental health and makes me feel hopeless while she doesn't know the full story. the only thing that made me feel proud of myself is how i've turned my life around, but that feels completely in vain after her last message. i can't cope with it and constantly write messages and delete them again only to write them again everyday explaining myself and apologizing. telling her i know it was bad what i did. she never replies. after like 4 months of doing that shit she gets rid of her instagram i wrote a last extremely personal e-mail to her work, but she left that company so it got forwarded to her co-workers. holy shit. conclusion: i've turned into a stalker. should i kill myself? i can't live with the embarrassment and shame... it's also not something i did in the heat of the moment. i kept contacting her day after day. it's a pattern. i'm just a fucked up person.	😓
at h-e-b eating my last meal well this is it. i hope to see you guys in the sky one day will they allow me to heavens door i close my eyes and i lost my breath	😔
tired of trying. i don't hope for much in life only love every relationship ends with me getting cheated on or him eventually deciding he doesn't like me anymore outright. i have no motivation or hope to try anymore. i think it's only a matter of time until i succeed in ending my life. those who label my thoughts as selfish are the ones i feel are selfish. keeping me here so they can feel better. i never asked to be born, but here i am being told to just be grateful for all the hardship life has to offer. gifted with the burden of life. i'm not afraid i'm done trying. i've thought a lot about it. my plan is to show up at my ex's work and hang myself on the business property. he never cared or loved me. i loved him. but i was just trash to throw away in his eyes. i tried moving on and got hurt even worse by others. i don't care to be alive. and i can't wait to end it once and for all.	😢
i'm tidei don't feel like i have anybody to relay heartfelt thoughts to so i guess the void of reddit is the place. i'm tired..tide..whatever you wanna call it.. i'm tired of being the only one to rely on, i'm tired of nobody trying to understand my feelings even when i verbally express them as best i can.. i'm tired of feeling not good enough for my friends, for relationships, for my job, for my life. i'm tired of feeling up and happy and then the crash of feeling low and then being lonely after. i know life is about ups and downs but i'm tired of being there for loved ones when they're down and they're nowhere when i'm the same..i'm tired of being scared for my sister's health, i'm tired of feeling like i'm the only man in my family when there are 3 other's older than me to carry weight... most of all reddit..i'm tired of the internet being my only net between my current life and potential suicide..i want someone i love to be the difference instead.. i'm still here, i'll still be here.. but i'm very..very tired..	😞
i wish i could reply to you alli wish i could reply to everyone on this thread. it pains me to see the amount of other pain others are holding too. as someone's whose contemplated suicide many many times, the biggest, and only problem i see with this planet, is the people. put me on an island by myself and i'll be a happy chappy but i ain't got the money for that. it's just the ultimate recurring toxicity, pressure, cunts that make this place terrible. and it leaves us outsiders feeling fucking bad. i understand we are all going through something somewhat similar- wanting to be non existent. but then i remember the money and time my family have put into raising me and i would not be able to leave them like that. for those with no family, i pray you find a way to keep going, a way to find the other side and a light at the end of the tunnel., i hope everyone feeling down today finds the strength to keep going. the people enjoying the toxicity of this planet, are the problem, we are merely in the back trying to keep going so the others don't get too upset. and that's deeply painful to go through every. single. day. but we've kept going. so props to us! and those who decide to go through with what's playing on all our minds, i hope your soul has eternal rest cmon soldiers we got this	❤️
took my first od when my boyfriend was sleeping over he's not allowed to share a room with me when he's staying at my house so i sent him to the other room late at night but couldn't sleep. i started when he was there i took pills from right in front of him to the bathroom to take without him even realising. it was after when i resisted until about 3am that i gave in and took a full packet. i regret doing it whilst he was there because it breaks me inside even thinking of him walking in to see my dead body. but i still felt a feeling of disappointment when i woke up the next morning. he had no idea until i told him a few days later when i stayed at his because i felt so ill and scared that i'd messed myself up inside. i can't help but feel that the same thing will happen again soon.	😓
32 and seriously am ready to go.i honestly am just tired of living, nothing goes right like ever, can't afford to do fertility bullshit and can't afford to fucking adopt so i'll never have kids.i'm just tired or trying and caring and i have no quality of life. there is nothing good or exciting. all i do is work and pay bullshit off and clean and sleep. i really don't want to commit suicide for he simple fact that i would like for my husband to collect on the life insurance so he can pay off some of our debt. i took myself off all my meds because what's the point of taking meds to allow me to function when all i want to fucking do is die, wether i'm medicated or not i feel the same. what do to? is there ways to make your death look like an accident and not intentional?.....	🤔
my best friend died today. she died instantly in a freak accident with an eighteen wheeler and slippery roads. they say it was painless for her, but for everyone else it's painful. it's the first time i'm dealing with the death of someone so close to me. she was the person you could talk to for hours about anything, and tell her anything without her judging. she was only 17. she was such a beautiful person, and i'm relapsing into depression and suicidal thoughts. i'm trying my hardest not to commit, but i'm starting to make plans and cut deeper and deeper. i loved her so much, and she was ripped out of everyone's lives too soon. i'll always love you savannah	❤️
forgive me for my sin, sorry, i'm tired, i want to rest i hope god forgive me.	😔
"after a year in therapy, my psychiatrist said to me, 'maybe life isn't for everyone.'" - larry brown what a shitty, unhelpful thing to say to someone...but, like, i totally believe that about myself. i feel it deep within my soul. anyways, i plan on getting out of the house and driving to a park or somewhere isolated and getting completely shit faced. i impulsively bought a bottle of fireball and plan on drinking that along with some beer. it's the only way i can think of to make the suicidal thoughts go away...if i had any pills, i'd probably take those as well. i just want to do something to hurt myself. ideally, to kill myself. i could always run to the pharmacy and get a couple of boxes of otc sleeping pills that would make a nice cocktail. realistically, i should probably tell my parents that i'm making plans to hurt myself again, but i don't wanna go back to the hospital. but i feel like that's my only option at this point.	🤔
my last day on earth! what should i do today? for those who don't know than i'm going to kill myself	💔
feeling shittyi know reddit is probably not the best place to be putting this but what the hey. i'm 18, transitioning and have a lot of problems. my mom passed 2 years ago and ever since feelings of guilt and sorrow won't leave my head. my transition is also starting to take affect on me. i've always been cool with people not using "he" and such if they don't want to, but it's starting to get to me. just my whole self is starting to get to me. i've been feeling worse and worse over the years to the point of hospitalization a couple times. i have a counselor, but i'm still stuck. hoping people who have my experience or something else like it could help	😔
a story about me..hey there, i never thought i would post a personal topic about myself, but i just want to get this off my chest. and i hope i can find peace by doing this. well how do i start? let's give it a shot. i'm a 20 years old boy. yea if you look at my age you can clearly tell that i haven't matured, yet :d. the thing is, for as long as i can remember, i'm suffering depression. since when? i really can't tell the age, but i can assure you that i was very, very young for a person who can get depressed at that age. anyways, let's move on. lately, i'm getting sick alot. by that i mean sick as being really ill and sick as in mentally sick. and when those two mix up, i can surely tell you that this isn't a sweet cocktail. i always get headaches, throwing up, passing out, hands those are shaking etc. etc. and the mental part? well uhm. feeling depressed should say it all, but i'll clarify it a bit more. when that mental mood kicks in, i really want nothing. i just cry, wondering why this happens to me, detaching myself from everyone. everyone as in my family and even my best friend. (yea i consider her as my best friend because she feels like home to me and whom i really can rely on. let's say she is my little sunshine, hihi :).) but that's not the only thing. i act weird in the way as in not being myself, like a total other stranger. weird isn't it? i can't control that and i frequently talk about these kind of stuff with my best friend. sometimes it really does get things off my chest. anyways, why do i feel like this? do i have a bad life? no. i always smile, helping other people, doing whats needs to be done. is it because of my parents or my only friend? no, because i know they love me. my only circle. but why do i really feel depressed? if i dig deeper in my own thoughts, i always cried at certain things. i can tell you that i'm a very emotional person who also cares about other people, no matter how they treat me. even like dogshit. i will cry and wonder why, but ok. that aside. when i was a child, i saw my friends as an example of how to live a life. even tv shows! weird for a little kid, huh? but those examples were a deception for me. because i had a different life than them, other parents etc etc. but maybe that's why, parents. the things i'd liked, they took it from me. of course, i'm not saying i didn't do fun things, but the fun things didn't last long. i had to do what they say, seems normal yes. but i was forced to go to events what i totally disliked and was in my disbelief. but hey, if i didn't listen, they would yell the fuck out on me or sometimes, they would beat me. well, especially my father since i don't have a great bond with him. i always cried and wondered how it was to walk away. just walk away from my own problems. but would that solve somenthing at that kind of age? no, just no. i wanted to call the police, but i did not dare to. because i cared about my parents and i thought they would get in jail. see i do care hehe. furthermore, have i told you that i have a brother as well? ah yea, a brother who i really cannot really on. he beat me always, beated me for small things from which i was bleeding. wasn't fun, really not fun. but these are the things that i distance myself from them at home. like, i can't feel that family connection like other people do have, jealous.. this is a part of my life that makes me suffer from depression, i just can't forget it. i suffered it alot. but that's not the only thing. because i just hated my life basically. well, still do. i just do not know what i really want. i just giving things quickly up, because i cannot hold on to it. even at that young age, i wanted to die. yea it was that bad. i came to a point that i wanted to commit suicide. i was done, just done. but has it ever stopped since then? no.. i still got that feeling after all these years that passed by. but what about now? well, a few months ago i was planning to do it, i was so close doing it. but i didn't for a reason. and i don't feel sharing that reason. sounds stupid, sharing these things but that not hahaha. in this stage, i just don't feel happy about my life. i always get emotional, don't know what to do for my future and bla bla bla. even now i do have suicidal thoughts. sometimes i just really want to do it. i promised my best friend that i will never talk about that, but woops. forgive me, well she won't read this anyway. i hope. well getting to the point. this topic seems really messed up. from going 1 thing to the other sorry for giving you a headache by reading this. but it's really late. so there am i. wondering what i am gonna do. do i take the easiest path? or the fighting path. i would say fighting path, because never give up. but the way how i feel now, it's like i'm giving up.. i'm not scared of the easy path but i am for the fighting one. time ticks... thank you for your time, i really really appreciate your time for reading this.	😂
i want to tell everyone the truth but can't. hi guys! i don't know if this is the right sub to post this in and if i'm allowed to post here because i was never clinically diagnosed with depression, but here it goes. i'm a college-aged guy and i used to study electronics engineering at the best private university in my country. i used to have an awesome girlfriend and i had a really loving set of parents and from the outside, you'd think that everything's going for me. when i started college, i had to take two tests to determine whether i'd be placed in advanced math classes so i'd be able to graduate faster. i passed the tests and passed all my subjects during my first semester. this is the part where you guys are gonna want to come to my house and punch me in the face. around august last year, i got to talk to a friend of mine and she told me about her sex life. i thought then, "why don't i have that?" (i never did anything sexual with my girlfriend up to that point) as a guy that's in his first serious relationship, i immediately started talking my girlfriend into having sex with me and after weeks of me persuading her. she gave in and she was very inconsistent about it because she felt guilty. she's a very religious person and i feel really bad for 'corrupting' her while we were together. it(me) got so bad that there came a time that when all i was talking about was sex. i love my girlfriend and she was the only person that stayed(well, not anymore lol jk) with me through all of the phases i've gone through. i didn't just make her compromise her beliefs for me, i also lied to her about how my mom treated me. i only tell her about what my mom does and not about what i did that caused it. i also lied to her about my smoking. i started smoking again around september last year and kept it from her until december. i told her i was only smoking since november(another lie) and it got to a point where she wanted to break up with me (she has reasons i totally understand) so selfish and stupid me had 'no choice' but to hide it from her. my academics suffered from all the laziness and interest in sex i was exhibiting and my grades got so low that there was literally no way to pass. i was really frustrated because i knew that i was capable of doing well in school and just didn't because i prioritized the wrong things. back in february, while i was cutting one of my classes, i started thinking about giving up and start smoking weed and i did! i told my girlfriend i wanted to smoke weed but she didn't so i hid it from her too. i was stoned almost every afternoon-night since my first joint and my girlfriend still had no idea. i was acting sad around my girlfriend all the time because i wanted her to feel that she wasn't giving me enough sex. she wanted me to talk to a professional but i didn't and only told my parents i was seeing a psychiatrist at our school and told them i was diagnosed with depression but in reality i was just really frustrated about school and i thought sex and drugs were the perfect tools to get my mind of it. my girlfriend and my mom talked about me(without me knowing then) because they were both already worried and a few days after my girlfriend and mom talked. my girlfriend broke up with me, my parents confronted me, and a week after that, i got kicked out of school due to my poor performance. that was ~2.5 months ago and i've been trying to turn my life around since then. i'm trying to earn my parents' trust again and i'm now enrolled at a different college(not university) waiting for classes to start so i can really start taking steps and making changes. uhh, i still dream about my girlfriend almost every night(~5-6 nights a week) and although the rawness of the break up is gone, i'm still definitely not over her. the reason why i'm posting here is because i think this time, i'm truly depressed. i already contemplated suicide before and i'm still leaning on just ending my life. i have an envelope in one of my drawers where i wrote a note to my parents and another to my ex-girlfriend saying how it's not their fault and they didn't do anything to push me into ending my life. my ex/parents/friends think i'm getting better and doing good with my life since i managed to act happy around everyone for the past two months. every single day i wake up hoping that i'd finally have the balls to do it but i never do. i feel like there's no point in fixing my life if there's an easy way out. i'm agnostic btw and i don't look forward to anything. i also don't believe in quotes that talks about how suicide eliminates the chance of your life ever getting better and i'm really hopeful that when i commit suicide, it's really the end of it. i'm not trying to gain anyone's pity, i just want to tell you guys about what i'm really going through for the past 2-3 months. i'm tired of hiding and telling people i'm getting better and what hurts more is that i feel that i literally have no one. yeah, i have parents but they're both pissed at me. i confirmed this approximately an hour ago. i proofread my post and i realized how shitty i am as a person for lying to/manipulating my parents/ex-girlfriend. im a really shitty person. im sorry for reposting this in this sub. i didnt know that i had to post it here if it contains anything suiide related edited: removed methods of suicide	😔
heartbroken and lost welp, i was dumped about four hours ago. completely blindsided me and broke my fucking heart into a thousand pieces. his depression manifested again and he immediately panicked and responded by ending things without even discussing his feelings/struggles with me. he just "fell out of love" a couple weeks ago and can't seem to understand that his mental disease is what's causing this and refuses to even try to get help. that's all he would tell me. "there is no exact answer to why?". i'm mad, i'm devastated, i'm confused. i'm laying in bed. 50 mg of xanax later and feeling pretty numb, but can't stop thinking about how much better i'd feel to just finish that bottle. happy new year to me and happy birthday to me in a few days.	✌️
i ain't looking for help honestly just wanted to get a few things off my chest. i recently came back from deployment early to burry my dad. he was a great guy, always took care of me but also beat my mom every night. i've attempted suicide before when i was much younger but as time when on i got better and joined the military just to go on deployment and come home to my dad who blew his brains out because he was an alcoholic with severe ptsd. i feel like i should join him. i have 2 weeks left in the military and i'm an alcoholic as well. i recently got a dui and was arrested. luckily my chain of command let it slide and didn't punish me because i was a good small unit leader on deployment and always took care of my guys. deep down i know i'm not a good person. deep down i have dark thoughts. deep down i'm scared. deep down is where i wanna be after i finish typing this.	❤️
i'm 17 going on 18. i used to be fat until i became bulimic and anorexic. lost 100, still feel fat tho. i just cut myself for the first time in years, tbh it felt great. i lost my job, mightnot be able to graduate due to my attendance and terrible grades and i fail at everythingggg. my family loves talking about my fails lol. i always said if i don't graduate hs i would kill myself and now i'm giving up early. i just would rather be dead than have to stay in this fucked up world. i'm worthless to society. i'm just a depressed stupid bitch so yeah i might kill myself this week but i'm still on the fence	🙄
so... i think it's time i've been suicidal for a while, you can get more of my story through my other scatterbrained posts. but the gist is i work a shitty job and can't get anything better, i'm gay with a family that hates me for it and pretty much undateable.overdosed last year and only 1 of my friends tried to help, but they called the police so i have that on my record. as fucked up as it is, i miss when i overdosed. im going to do it again tomorrow.. i have some oxy pills that i'm gonna take and get really drunk, hopefully this time i don't wake up... thanks for everything guys, i mean it	✌️
i'm extremely neurotic and it's making my life helli had an argument with my ex, made a fool of myself and was being very annoying. she ended it with the cruelest message possible. i feel so fucked up by it. it's been 3 months and i still feel depressed because her words destroyed me. they were extremely demotivating because i'm neurotic and things like that always repeat indefinitely in my mind something died inside of me after it and i'm very scared i'll never get it back again. i'm also so incredibly tired of fighting my mind all the time.. why can't i just be like 'fuck what you've said, i don't care about you..' no, i have to make a big deal of it and let it repeat for months. fuck. never contact your ex when it isn't necessary..	😓
persuade meplease convince me to have fun. i'm at a party and i hate myself i'm so afraid of drowning myself in the way home but i don't want to i'm so worried cause i know i'm drunk enough to do it but i really don't want to i know life has more to offer but i'm so ruined	😭
i was dumped and i seriously don't think i can survive this. i was just dumped by my girlfriend the other night, and i don't know what to do. "i can't really say i'm in love with you" is what she said. this just came out of nowhere and i feel like i can't breathe. just a couple of days ago i thought we were still madly in love, now i'm heartbroken and i feel like i'm going to have a nervous breakdown. i just wish i knew what went wrong. i wish she would tell me that i did something wrong, tell me that i fucked up, tell me i had abhorrent personality traits, at least then i could make some sense of it. but she just said that she changed, and no longer felt the way she used to. she likes me, and cares about me, but she's not in love with me anymore. how am i supposed to react to that? how can you say you love me on sunday, then no longer be capable of loving me on friday? she keeps insisting that i didn't do anything at all, that she wanted to feel it but couldn't; but how am i supposed to understand that? i'm just hurt and confused. she stopped by my house the other night to return some things i left in her apartment, my shirt she had (and it still smells like her ); and what really stings is that she returned the presents i gave her for valentines this year. i don't know what i'm gonna do. i spent all night crying, i feel empty, like my heart has been ripped out of my chest. it's like i'm trapped in a nightmare i can't wake up from. whenever i was with her all of my depression and anxiety just melted away. despite all the bullshit i deal with on a daily basis, i always felt alright, because i knew that no matter what happened i had her beside me, and she made everything alright. i honestly don't know how i'm gonna make it through winter without her. our relationship was amazing, we've been through so many good times, and i was always there for her when she was going through rough times, and she was there for me. but when dumping me she was just so casual though, like we had only been on three dates. we were together for a year, and she didn't even seem to react. she said she doesn't see us having a future together; i saw us potentially getting married one day, i definitely saw a future with her. and she used to see one with me, i just don't know what changed. i don't know how to deal with this. without her i just feel dead inside. just last week i was so happy, now i don't know how i'm gonna live without her. she was the best thing that ever happened to me, now i feel like my heart is shattered in a million pieces. she said she doesn't think she was the right girl for me, but we were perfect together. i don't think i could ever find anyone else as amazing as her. the only one i feel like i can turn to at this moment is my best friend. they try to be sympathetic, but they're more of a tough love kind of person, they tell me to put my dating profile back online right away, right now; but i'm a crying mess right now, and i don't feel ready to try to date again; but they are making me go back to online dating and i don't really feel strong enough to object right now. i've never felt this hurt and empty. i don't know how i'm supposed to make it through this.	😢
its been a tough year for all of us. be proud of yourself for making it this far. have a good 2019 and stay safe	❤️
why does it have to get better? why is being suicidal so impossible for people to comprehend? i feel like i can't talk about my self harming and my suicidal thoughts with even my absolute closest friends because they just tell me it'll get better and this will pass but why does it have to? why does thinking this way have to be so inherently bad? people like us that have these thoughts are going through enough in our lives to get to this point, like honestly i'm struggling like crazy just to make it one more day and one more day and people making me feel awful about being suicidal just adds to the pain	😔
i seriously just wish i could die i've wanted to for awhile now. it's been getting worse. but this came on quick. i don't know how to deal with this. i don't talk about it. there are so many things i could do. so many tempting things. my chest feels heavy. i feel sick. i seriously just want to die. it's all i want. life is too hard and i'm too much of a loser to do anything. i can't stand myself. i fucking hate myself actually. i hate myself so much that i want to destroy myself. i'm sick of everything. i'm sick of living. i'm sick of being the odd one out. i'm sick of having to deal with everything. i'm sick of life, and it needs to be over. soon. nobody will miss me. nobody will care. nobody will notice. i can't do this anymore	😭
i seem to have 3 options: suicide, misery, heartbreak.suicide to end it all? misery is for living in the louisiana vicinity (near my parents whom i love dearly - but the entire area of the country here is a boring shithole) and heartbreak (living in wa state where i love the land - but so far from family) i'd imagine a counselor would tell me to move to wa state where i love it - to live my life. any help?	✌️
something about suicidei have been thinking that healthcare workers dont care about suicide because is "bad", maybe because if their patient commit suicide he wont pay the treatment bills	🤔
i'm one mental breakdown from ending it no one fucking likes you, they just tolerate your existence because they're too nice to tell you to fuck off. you're such a fucking burden please stop ruining their days. they didn't want you in the secret santa for a reason and now you've gone and fucked it all up for them. can you just fucking stop ruining everything for everyone. she doesn't fucking like you, just stop bothering her. you're probably just a rebound anyways. stop pretending. stop believing people will like you. nothing you can do will change their minds i am incapable of loving. i am incapable of being loved.	💔
denial i drink, every weekend. i say it's for fun, but i never have fun. even in a room full of people i end up alone, and i feel alone at the end of the night. i look forward to feeling messed up. lonely is everywhere anyway. sober me isn't wanted, neither is drunk me. so who cares 🏻	👍
just want someone to talk to just want someone to talk to sbout all my problems	😔
it won't go away. "baby don't cut" on replay. this won't go away ...	😂
cut off contact with partner of two years, ordered drugs online, i'm ready. yeah! 🏻 i'm planning to overdose on seizure medication and hopefully go out as painlessly as possible. i don't know how long it takes to get here because it's generics from a web medication site.if that fails i'm jumping from on top of a parking garage in the area. not really a poetic way to go but it gets the job done for sure. i was hoping with the pills i could die near the beach or in a forest? somewhere peaceful and really special to me. but beggars can't be choosers! i spent another miserable day at work to come home and be told what a failure i am by my parents again and have my mother insinuate i should try one community college class instead of grad school. i had coworkers tell me how ugly i was and customers tell me how stupid. i slept even less and i had planned to get a tattoo with an amazing artist but had a bunch of people tell me how ugly and pathetic girls with tattoos are. i just want my body to feel like mine to control, not the guy who raped me. i'm done making plans for the future that involve trying to use this life and body. i want to go out in a way where they can donate my organs to help someone else. that would be a really great thing i think. being able to give people the life i didn't want? my stepmom used to say "the world is overpopulated enough. anyone who wants to die just should." im there. i've made peace. and hopefully pushing away people close to me will ensure less hurt on their part. im also going to write up something that makes it clear i place blame and responsibility solely on myself. this isn't the pity party and i'm not going out as some weak piece of shit.	👍
i am suicidal. but you always save me. yes, im suicidal. but also cant get myself to do it . every time i get these feelings all i do is come to this page and read all the messages being posted by people who have these feelings similar to mine. and just the reminder that people like me do exist makes me feel like i'm not alone. thank you reddit/suicidewatch.	😅
why am i like thisi'm 19 years old. as of right now, i'm laying in my bed crying, wanting to die. i've felt like this my entire life even as a small child, i can remember not wanting to be in this world. the only thing that is really stopping me is my mother and how i can see her already losing herself just because i'm not there. i'm her first love she says (her first child) and i know she'd be broken because her favorite sister also committed suicide but i just can't take it anymore. not that this matters at all, but i'm a pretty female with everything i'd need at my finger tips.. a phone, water, a nice bed, things other people don't take for granted.. so why am i like this, i feel like something is so wrong with me... i won't take meds because they shoved stimulants down my throat as a child swearing i had "adhd" .. and i feel like that kind of fucked me up a little inside.. i honestly never knew about this app but i feel like it'll save me from myself or at least hopefully potentially harming myself. i can't do it, i don't have enough courage to do this to the people who care for me but i want it so bad.. more than anything i've ever wanted.. i know it's selfish, it's so selfish but i will not be happy honestly truly happy until i am no longer feeling this pain. i know we all have pain but i feel it on a another level... to the point where i hit myself in my head very hard when i am mad at myself.. no one knows these kinds of things about me... i've always done it... just kept it to myself because it's so weird like who the fuck does stuff like this i just want help and i want to be happy before it actually results in dying for happiness. i love nature so much, and animals they're my best friends. people? not so much.. i don't know if it's me (probably is) but i always felt like i just never belonged like why as a child did i want to die? i'd always look at my mom and say "i hope i'd die" "i wish you never had me" "why can't i just die" does anyone know what's wrong with me... i don't believe any form of counseling will help me.. i do yoga to try and help myself but my head never stops talking to me ever.. even when i'm trying to talk it still doesn't stop	💔
i feel like i'm losing my mind i just wish i could tell people how i am feeling face to face. but i am too much of a pussy bitch to tell anybody. i am one of those guys that everybody thinks is always smiling but most of the time i'm faking my smile. i wish i could tell everybody but i am afraid people will think i am out to get attention. i constantly suffer from anxiety about friends and i feel i am that guy in that nobody wants to be around but i am there anyway. i have this horrible pain in my chest from sadness that hurts so much and i just want it to stop. i hate the feeling of being sad, it hurts so much i can't stand to live anymore. i go to work, i go to school but it seems i am a ghost to people. nobody listens what i have to say and nobody cares how i'm feeling or how i am doing ever. i feel horrible, i don't have a lot of friends anymore and the people i consider friends probably don't consider me one of their actual friends. i feel like the friends i might have are only friends with me because they feel bad for me... i attempted to take my life december of last year but failed and not a single soul but my mother knows about what happened. i wish i could stop all of this aching and pain i am feeling but there is no light at the end of my tunnel. this world hurts.	😩
i'm fucking done with life and it's bullshit. that's it. i've given up. i've given up completely. now i know some of you are thinking "keep living" "it'll get better one day" "you can't give up" "you'll go to hell if you die" "god is testing your love for him don't give up on god" "life will get better" "reach out for help" blah blah blah. i've heard it all before. and it hasn't changed shit. i'm an 18 year old girl, and i'll never get to see the rest of life. it's too painful. first, for 13 years if my life, my mom fucked me up with abuse. she loved to call me names like a bitch, asshole, mother fuckerm retard, dumb, etc. she told me to kill myself so many times. looking back i should have done it. also my dad would sit back and watch everything, like it was a fucking comedy show. never did anything. even told me recently that i look good for a child that got abused and that i'm a liar. thanks a lot dad ! i guess you'll be happy i'm dead too. and my moms abuse didn't stop there. she'd also beat me with belts till i screamed for her to stop. bee kicking me down flights of stairs, telling my not to tell anyone so she won't go to jail, playing psychological mind games, saying sorry but then abusing me again. sometimes shed smile when abusing me. and people i did tell, would tell that i have to keep loving her cause she's my mother. at the age of thirteen, i developed major depression. everday i wanted to kill myself. mixed with being bullied at school, i was pushed to kill myself many times. back in may, i put on a social media site (vent) that i was gonna kill my self by overdosing. a friend who saw it called the police, where i was put in psychward for 2 weeks. when i got discharged i got to stay with my aunt and grandma. i'm still with them now, and although their loving and don't abuse me, they get angry at me for getting depressed. and i can't vent to my friends, cause they get fed up with me. my family gets fed up with me. i read the bible and pray but that does jack shit. i got bullied on so many other sites so i can't vent anywhere without being attacked, being told to die, or that i'm a selfish bitch who's incapable of help. every therapist i've been to got upset and angry at me. but it's ok. i need to realize that nobody loves me and never did. and like its cool. i was created to be abused and to be people's punching bags. i had a dream to one day be a manga artists/animator, psychologist, and writer. i have a 3.9 gpa in college for my first 2 semesters already. but it'll never done true. cause i'll be dead. maybe i should overdose, jump into train tracks. something. i'll have to finish up writing up my suicide letter and thinking of ways if suicide that'll bring instant death. i hope to all those that treated me like shit that you'll all be happy i'm dead. i have to remind myself that nobody loved me in the first place. goodbye, if anyone actually cares. probably nobody does cause, you know, i'm just a fucking punching bag.	😊
final post. goodbye to all. my time is now out; ive stalled enough. im loading the gun and finally leaving this place. im am to wright minal final note to explain everything and why this is for the better. although being an only child will still kill them. im very calm though i feel nothing because i know what i need to do. goodbye r/depression and r/suicidewatch yall were so supportive! and remember majority of people do get better! just unfortunately im not a majority	😔
32 and seriously am ready to go. i honestly am just tired of living, nothing goes right like ever, can't afford to do fertility bullshit and can't afford to fucking adopt so i'll never have kids.i'm just tired or trying and caring and i have no quality of life. there is nothing good or exciting. all i do is work and pay bullshit off and clean and sleep. i really don't want to commit suicide for he simple fact that i would like for my husband to collect on the life insurance so he can pay off some of our debt. i took myself off all my meds because what's the point of taking meds to allow me to function when all i want to fucking do is die, wether i'm medicated or not i feel the same. what do to? is there ways to make your death look like an accident and not intentional?.....	🤔
hey guys i never usually post to this sub [*insert explanation of how i have noone else to talk to and need help*] what are some things that you do when you feel completely out of control emotionally? what's something you do to take your mind off of the suicidal urges and thoughts of self harm?	🖤
i'm about to	😞
when the anxiety is to much that you can't even get up to get dressed	😞
i'm a mistake and i know i don't deserve to be herei know i'm a mistake, my mum has said it to me multiple times, i know she meant it because she doesn't drink or smoke or do drugs, i barely see my dad and i live with my mum and her mum, i get yelled at for the most stupid shit, then whenever i say something about it they lose their shit even more, i'm so fucking over them, i can't go live with my dad because then i wouldn't be able to see my girlfriend, i feel like she's all i have left going for me anymore, but even with her i still feel worthless sometimes, right now is one of them, i'm writing this while on the phone with her, she doesn't know i think, god i hope not, she's away right now and i don't want her to worry about me, i don't want her or anyone to waste anymore of their time worrying about me, i've wasted enough people time and energy and money, i've wasted people, i am the biggest waste of space and oxygen and atoms and just everything, i don't know if i can keep doing this, it barely feels worth it anymore, i want my child happiness back, i miss being happy, i miss my girlfriend, i miss happiness rn, i feel like i'm losing it mind, like i could die at any second and no one would care, i feel like cutting deeper than normal but i have almost no way to hide it, i don't have any other outlets at the moment, it was music but it's to late and i'm in the phone, i had ranting to her about how i felt but i'm scared she is going to leave like my ex before her did, i'm scared i'm going to scare her away or worry her, i hate worrying her and i hate worrying everyone, i don't even know why i'm writing all this, it's not like it matters to strangers i'm the internet peace	✌️
today's the day.i feel so calm. nothing at all matters anymore. so liberating. this sub (among many many other things) has confirmed that this is the right choice for me. thank you and goodbye.	❤️
i'm so close to finding closure closure being suicide there's only two things stopping me now that i cut contact with my friends my mom & my job once my job for the summer is gone i will only have to be alive for my mom if i can find a way to forgive myself for leaving her i will finally be able to die	😁
hello 🏼who wants to chat?	👋
just another one of those... no idea where i am going with my life. not unloved, not unsuccessful but no will to live. need someone to get me out of this mess. i dont know where to go	😔
read if suicidali just want to say before you read on that i overdosed a couple of days ago and i am waiting for liver failure to kick in but the waiting period has given me time to reflect and while i have done this i don't recommend suicide of any kind to anyone for this reason: suicide is a selfish act, i don't mean you or i are selfish people but from my experiences and the experiences of people i have spoke with when they have attempted it is usually spur of the moment you just need to do it. that is all you think about. doing it. ending it. however while i have been waiting to die i am remembering things i will miss, like hanging out with friends and family, work, etc. i will also never get to see lucifer s5 or move to london or become the richest person who ever lived (ik big dreams and unrealistic). it also reminds me that when the liver failure kicks in i will need to let my family and friends know what i have done, i will have to go through countless painful conversations and watch everyone i love in tears about something i cannot stop. i know i have used i here a lot, maybe i am selfish idk but my point is that if you are thinking about suicide and think no-one can or will help, try to help yourself. picture your family and friends hearing the news. research the method in which you want to attempt and read the horror stories of people who survives. imagine the pain your death will inflict on others and it may stop you inflicting pain onto yourself. please seek help. good luck.	😊
hello everyone. i can't turn off the dark self-depreciating thoughts... could use some internet hugs from strangers. it's just one of those nights where you can't turn off your negative brain. i keep cycling through 'you're worthless'; 'you are such a waste of space'. 'why don't you just kill yourself, you're obviously not contributing shit to society or anyone around you.' 'you're just a ball of negativity that pulls everything and everyone around you down with you.' do any of you have any experience with this? how do we close this negative feedback loop? i'd post my personal details about how i landed in depression (fucked up this, fucked up that...) but truthfully the details are irrelevant... i know many people suffering worse; and many people who have it better. i just want to hear how everyone here might find a way to quiet the ugly voice inside. if not, please send some internet hugs my way. i just want to believe in the world again; like there's something still worth living for... peace and love everyone. remember you are not alone.	😞
i almost attempted the other day i had a belt, didn't feel like getting out of the house to get a rope. i'm pretty sure the ceiling fan can't support my weight so i tried the closet, but i couldn't find a good place to actually hang from. too many shoes sitting around and i'm already too tall to properly hang from there to begin with. i guess i'll just have to keep being a disappointment and a burden to everyone around me. *yay.*	🙃
i feel like killing myself i'm having overwhelming feelings to end my life. these thoughts are taking over my life. i have no motivation to do anything. i'm seeing my psychiatrist tomorrow and need some tips to keep myself safe till then. any ideas or comments will be helpful. can anyone help please? i'm really distressed	😢
ich bringe mich um!hallo zu mir ein paar worte ich habe meine ausbildung verkackt mein leben wie kann ich mich schmerzlos umbringen ich kann nicht mehr	😔
i want normal facial skin. it doesn't seem to matter what i put on my face. my skin is absolute shit. my face looks like i put oil on it and all the skin care products do nothing. it's lowering my self esteem and just today someone touched my face and got oil on themselves and then proceeded to scream about it super loud. i hate myself so much, that in it self triggered my situational depression. please someone help me.	😢
anyone figured out a time machine?ya know, so we can go back in time and correct mistakes? wishful thinking i know	😅
things a slowly getting hard again. and i don't know what to do	😞
what's stopping memy mother. she is so sweet, whenever she comes home she still has a smile on her face when she sees me and my brother even on bad days at work, because she loves her children so much. i can't bear to leave her like this. love you mom, i'll stay just for you	❤️
i think i'm readyi don't know what it was about today, but i think i'm finally ready to take the leap and end it. i have work till 9pm tomorrow, then after i think i'll buy myself a one way ticket to hawaii. why not go out with a nice trip eh? having to deal with this issue for so long really drains you man. even with the new position i achieved at work, i'm finding ways to screw it up. i'm really doing nothing with my life besides screwing up. my work can find someone 100% more work efficient then my sorry excuse of a human being. i just want to apologize to my parents for what i'm going to do. mom, dad.. you did your best raising me. i've always tried helping others before helping myself. you guys never gave up on me when i dropped out of college and decided to work full time. you were always there for me even when i thought you weren't. you guys were the best parents. i'll always love you guys wherever i end up once this is over. to my brother and sisters. i might have not been the best brother. always in my room and never at family gatherings. don't think i never went because i don't love you guys. you guys were the best siblings a little bro could ask for! you always took the time to help me with school and any other problem i had. i'll always love you guys. to my coworkers. hey, sorry i'm ditching work to take care of this. i hope you guys won't be to mad. thanks for the good memories guys. to my nephew. hey bud, sorry i won't have a chance to see you grow up. i just hope your at that age where you won't remember who i am. i love you buddy! grow up a better man then me. and lastly to my best friend. dude you've been my partner in crime since middle school. all those late night video game parties. you hit me in the nuts multiple times, and i screwed up your back so many times, but that never stopped us from being friends. you weren't just my friend, but my brother. when you told me you were accepted into law school i was so happy for you. out of me and you, i always knew you'd do something with your life, even if you started out in a rough patch. i'm proud of you man. you'll make something with your life. i'm just sad i won't be around to see it. i love you man. god bless.	😂
today was the worst day ever, i was 5 days self harm free, but i fucked it up, if i'm not able of achieving something this week i'll kill myself. i don't care about life anymore, i never asked for it after all.	😔
failed suicide attempt, planning on doing it againso after failing a non planned suicide attempt while being affected by alcohol i got stuck in a hospital for a week. then i feelt alright. now i feel like s h i t and this time i wont be drunk. peace	✌️
i just feel like i need to talk. don't prioritize me or anything though. i don't know what's happening to be honest. i've been on and off really sad today and for the past week or so. today i've had a lot of suicidal thoughts, more of me kind of wanting to but really not, but i remember last year and the year before and the year before that (around this time of year usually) i had a lot of bad, frequent suicidal thoughts. and throughout the whole year too i guess, and it's probably been going on before that too, i just always figured it was normal to have them everyone now and then. i already know i can't be depressed or anything because a lot of the time i'm happy. let me back up and just say a little about myself. i'm 18 and a high school senior. i've been researching best pre med routes and possible physician specialties and even just learning human biology and other stuff whenever i'm not busy with school. i'm taking 5 ap classes and 2 honors classes but i like to think the stress of it doesn't get to me too bad. i mean, college will be a lot harder and a lot more stressful so i can't complain i guess. and if i get to med school that will be terribly stressful so i'm glad i'm working my way up. a lot of times i feel super stupid though. some classes i'm the worst in there or close to it. others i'm one of the smartest so who knows the deal. i have a girlfriend, and she's really funny and we say we love each other and everything, but whenever i talk to her about being sad she doesn't know what to say and just says something like "i'm sorry you feel like that" but i know she cares. she gets sad a lot and angry a lot though and i always do my best to talk to her and make her happy, but i feel like she blows me off a lot when she's upset and then it just brings me down. when i feel down its like i get this restlessness where i feel like i have to do something, but the only i can think of, ironically, is to kill myself (that's how about half of my suicidal thoughts are anyway, so they're not that serious) but i'm not gonna do that i don't think. it's like random things just get me down though, like a tiny thing someone says to me will slowly bring me down and down until i'm lying in bed wanting to shoot myself but knowing i can't do that. it wouldn't be fair to everyone attached to me, and i'd miss out on all my potential even if i have any. funny enough, the last time i really remember crying was like in july during an argument with my girlfriend, before that, like a year and half ago when my previous girlfriend broke up with me. so i guess it's funny how down i feel a lot but never really cry. i like to think i'm a little smart but i'm kinda slow to catch on sometimes so i fucking hope i can do something i love. i just doubt i'm depressed since most days i'm fine, and i wake up okay and just wait until a bad thought spirals and brings me down. anyway, i had to get all that off my chest, it's also slightly therapeutic. if you actually read all of this or some of this, shit, props to you. if you want to talk and you have nothing else to do id love to just chat with someone. maybe get some life experiences or just shoot the breeze. my girlfriend already went to bed and the rest of my friends aren't really people i talk to about stuff. anyway thanks for reading my jumbled mess if you did. have a great evening, and sorry if i posted in the wrong place. please don't feel obliged to help me just because i posted, you can use your time on people who need it if you need to. peace	✌️
bye thanks for the memories	❤️
thank you this community has been interesting and it was a safe haven for me while i prepared my suicide. thank you to everyone who listened and upvoted and downvoted all my crazy opinions and ideas. everything is ready to go -- time to see what's on the other side - peace	✌️
as i type this im bleeding out and will be dead soon i'm ready to do it, and i have my scalpel and numbing cream and have taken blood thinners to make it so the blood cant clot as easily. it will be painful but honestly i don't care at all. i just want this to end. goodbye all see you on the other side	❤️
this is it...i'm using a throwaway account for this by the way i'm going to get straight to the point, basically everything is just too stressful and i feel just too empty. anyways i'm going to kill myself. no, i'm not going to call the stupid hotline and no i'm not doing it for attention. i'm doing it because it's the only way to stop feeling like this. i've already decided that i'm going to do it. if for some reason any of you are worried, don't be. you all had nothing to do with it i just don't have anywhere else to put this. i already wrote my note and everything. i did the last things that i wanted: the only things that make me happy. thank you for listening to all of this when you didn't have to.	✌️
so i'm happy for my sister but at the same time i'm mad at her..does this make me a horrible person my sister earlier this month announced that she's having a baby. and i should be happy i'm gonna be an uncle but all i can think about is that i can't do it anymore. i can't kill myself, she out of everyone would be the most heartbroken. i had a plan by 25 that i was going to hang myself. and although this year had been hard i held on. i'm only 23 but i can't anymore, it's like i'm not even trying for myself anymore. i'm just sad and i don't know what to do	😞
:)y'know when you call a suicide prevention center and they tell you they can't help you because they don't specialize in what makes you suicidal definitely doesn't make you feel more suicidal i think i've lost my mind	😂
i just wanna be adopted, i just want someone to love me, i just want to feel like i'm worth something. i just don't know much longer i can do this. i just wanna be a part of a family that will love me but no one will ever want me and i'm just starting to wonder what's the point	😭
this shit do be hurtingpeople don't care to listen or see that i am actually trying. i'm trying to be happy, i'm trying to change, i'm trying to get stronger but it gets so much harder the more people just shove everything bad i do in my face, then wonder why i'm so negative. i don't necessarily like attention but when i do something good or right it feels like nobody notices until i fuck up then they can recite every time i've messed up. how do you expect someone to get better when all you do is tell them how much they fuck up. why can't someone just congratulate me for once, even for the smallest thing? that's how you help someone, why don't people understand or care	😞
i'm going to kill myself tonight, at about 1:30am i'm gonna buy a lot of junk food. eat it still i'm stuffed. get a bunch of soda. down all the medication i own. text my little brother and let him know he can have my stuff. and then die outside my dorm so i don't annoy my roommate. the human body doesn't smell nice when it's dead. night guys, bye. 🏿	👋
i'm doing the best i can.forgive my grammar. i'm doing the best i can right now, but i have this urge to splattered my brains out on a clean white wall. life for me has lost all of it's charm and luster and only because my family needs i haven't done so. i think the scene would be beautiful, poetic even, but alas i can't bring myself to end it all. i couldn't put my parents through that. unfortunately it means i have to be alive a little while longer. , best wishes me.	😔
eeeep i scared myself i guess this is a good thing that i scared myself this morning. i've often had suicidal thoughts in that i will get sad, think to myself "god another 45 years of this, why not get right to the end. you're going to die anyway. what difference does it make when?" but i always talk myself out of going further. until this morning. while dressing instead of putting my belt around my waist i put it around my neck just to see what it might feel like. don't worry, it scared me. as did reading about suicide by hanging with a belt. i won't go through with it. but the fact i actually put the belt around my neck to see what it felt like is troubling. i wonder if it is the beginning of my mind desensitizing myself to actually trying something some day. i'm in therapy but i'm scared to tell my therapist anything about my passing suicidal because i don't want to be committed. i have a job. i need the money. i have mortgage and cats that need me to look after them. my life would come crashing down even more than it has if i got committed.	😢
my list of reasons keeps growing i feel like i'm just a couple of bad things happening away from killing myself. the last time i wanted it this much was 5 years ago. i've managed to cut most of the people who give a shit out of my life. i'm in a foriegn country, i'm low on money, i'm bad at my new job (got 2 verbal warnings for being late - i get the vibe my manager doesn't like me and just waiting to fire me when i fuck up again), i have no irl friends, skipping most meals, not sleeping well. the closest person i have is someone i've never met who lives in a different country. the exhaust gasses of my crappy motorbike can put me to sleep proof of concept: <url> when i was younger i was scared of dying. now i just don't care enough to be scared. i know i have mental problems, i know this will only get worse as i get older, i know i have no safety net, i know that this is inexplicably what i've always been attracted to. i still have some hope for the future... not consciously but it's like a nagging inside. reasons to stay or reasons to go, i don't mind. i just want life to give me something i can be decisive about.	👍
about to be one year since i attempted suicide on october 6th it'll be one year since i attempted suicide. i'm still deciding if i wanna celebrate that day or go on as if it's just another normal day but i come here today to tell people life gets better. after almost a whole year of intensive counseling (2 appointments a week every week) i've become such a happier person i'm not nearly the person i was a year ago ( the broken , depressed teen that wanted to end it all) i just want people to know it gets better no matter what you're going through and i figured i'd share my success story to those who need a little motivation. don't be afraid to seek help it's the best option life gives you. my counselor recently sent me a letter saying congratulations for being counseling free and that she was so proud of the person i've become and it really made me cry tears of joy seeing someone be so proud of my progress. i'll leave you with this life's precious enjoy every second of it	❤️
canada posted august 5. deleting from other social media but need it off my chest. * = *only "changed" names to protect privacy.* (i never mentioned the perpetrator's name either) "one of those days... heavy eyes, stuffy, spacy, sore back and neck, zero energy. it is august pride saturday in *: one of the most beautiful places on earth. my husband is on his way home for his friday, and i just want to cry and sleep. i am applying for reimbursements for counselling, missing work, and medications out of pocket. the victim services worker from *a* rape crisis centre, is helping me with this form and suggested i pick one incident in *this province*. i have been requesting letters stating that in 2007, i was sexually assaulted by *. since then, i have sought all kinds of professional help (counsellors, psychiatrists, and doctors); and have missed worked throughout my life because of my mental health (depression, anxiety, ptsd, insomnia, sexual dysfunction, etc.). also, this march 2018, i was suicidal, took a month off, got cut loose weeks later, and have been recovering since. since i did not and will not report * to police, these letters are my only proof. it has been a shit show, but this is one way i am trying to get back what my husband and i deserve. we are burnt out, unhappy, broke, and tense all because of this and things that keep happening over and over. recently, i saw that family doctor again requesting his letter. he claimed it was the first he's ever heard about sexual assault and vietnam, looked over his notes saying there was nothing about sexual assault, charged me more than usual for the note, and denied my request for a prescription refill! i started crying, telling him i felt nauseous, dizzy, heavy, and shaky. he didn't get what was wrong, checked my blood pressure, offered me gravol and to send me to the hospital! i have been seeing him for two years! he was the one who wrote me several notes so i could take time off! it is so much to carry and keep quiet when the perpetrator is a relative, friend, or person of power, but especially when they are all of the above and will always be in your life. mental health, medications, and family doctors should be 100% covered and accessible globally. thanks for reading and all your support, everybody. i wouldn't be here without you "	🖤
it's officially time to say goodbye i tried to be good enough for my friends/family/boyfriend and i guess i'm just not enough. i tried getting through this and all i wanna do is talk to someone and i did try someone i really love but i guess he didn't want to talk to me not one single bit i promised i wouldn't do it for him and i really needed him especially now i feel like he's blocked me. that i'm just useless or not even good enough. it's ok it's honestly ok i'm used to it tbh i wanna cry i've kept it in for so long and now wanna burst i don't wanna live in this pain and i shouldn't have to anymore if anyone truely cared they would just let me go i obviously deserve it, i'm pathetic as it is. to everyone this isn't anyone's fault it was mine for not getting the help and opening up i should've done more but i chose not to bc i was afraid now it's finally time to say my goodbyes no one does not want me here and it feels like my bf doesn't either. thank u for everyone who tried. i've taken pills and i've been harming all i'm gonna do now is sleep and hope i never wake up again. goodbye	😭
thinking about life ok so i have been thinking about life and i realize it's not worth living. so i might write a note, i'm in 6th grade, i'm 11 yrs old and i shouldn't feel like this!!!! i act normal and happy at school and at home but nobody knows how i feel really. nobody would care if i did die, nobody cares about me, nobody gives a crap about what i do anymore!!!! im just the one that gets no attention!!! it's just to much pain and i don't think i can do this any longer, it's just too much stress, depression, anxiety, everyone hates me and i know that!!! 1. nobody ever notices me 2. nobody loves me 3. i wish i could tell someone 4. i wish i had someone that cares 5. i wish i had someone to talk to	😔
hi i wanna fucking die what the fuck? life is so fucking pointless and empty and i just wanna die but i could never kill myself because of my family even though they would forget me soon and then they would be fine i just don't understand why life is like this i 100% believe this is hell but if i do kill myself i would just be birthed again and have to go through this all over again i don't know why i'm so lonely and nobody likes me like i'm so nice to people and nobody likes me they just want me to feel sad for no reason sorry this post was a fucking mess pls don't be mad because it's not written very well but someone fucking help and be my friend and comfort me please	❤️
bye everyone.	😔
don't know who needs this but do whatever is best for you, it that's ending it all then that's fine ... sometimes you have to be selfish for yourself	❤️
one last goodbye hi, so this is kind of a goodbye statement or something along those lines. i have decided to end my life as of june 1st. i just wanted to thank you all for your nice words & messages! i really did appreciate you guys trying to help, i wish you all the best my friends. i also wanted to say that nothing anyone will say or do will convince me otherwise i've literally tried for years now. i've packed my things, wrote a couple of letters to a few people who might be want to know why i did what i did etc. i've neatness up my room too and i'm prepared. i tried ending my life a couple of times but none of them worked, i either bailed out or on one occasion the rope snapped and i could bring myself to do it again, so this time i've decided that i'm just gunna jump into the canal so i will know there's no going back. i am much calmer now that i've accepted what i'm going to do to myself. i haven't been this calm in years in fact. anyways i genuinely appreciate you guys for trying to understand me. this is me over and out. goodbye	👋
i've done something unforgivablei quit smoking last year at age 27. after a traumatic childhood with a lot of abuse and both my parents dying i used it as a coping mechanism. then i looked back at my past. i always thought 'ah smoking isn't that bad, as long as you quit before 30'... but: i ate poorly too and i smoked spliffs. i started googling to reassure myself that i'll be fine, but spliffs are so much fucking worse for you. like... some studies say one spliff is 7 cigarettes. i'd smoke like 5 per day of them + 15 cigarettes. i lost it. i felt like i'm going to die soon. i was so stressed out. the stress made me fucking depressed. i also needed constant reassurance. then i contact my ex who is 8 years older and feels like my second mom. she apparently hates me now. i dumped her, she called last year to meet and forgive me, but i didn't go and she has every right to hate me. i didn't have the emotional intelligence to understand that she just wants to destroy me. i write that i miss her. she replies and blocks me. i make a new account and write negative shit. she tells me to get a life and blocks me again. i make a new account again to explain that i'm going to die. she says i'm just being tragic. i explain how unhealthy i lived and she's like: so what? own choice to live in a dumphole. i keep contacting again and again. every time she replies a little bit and then blocks me. it's so obvious that i should just leave her alone, but i don't because i'm an irrational idiot. she also says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. i make a new account and tell her 'but i did change!'... which is true: i live fucking healthy, hit the gym 6 times per week, gained a lot of weight and muscles, became disciplined, mature, graduated, focused on my career, hard-working guy. but then she snaps. she insults me sooooooo heavily. can you imagine when someone you used to love and still deeply care about says the most hurtful shit possible to you? well that's what happened. i completely lost my mind because of what she said. became extremely suicidal. she just completely fucked up my mental health forever by saying what she said. i became so desperate to talk with her so i just spammed and spammed her all the time on instagram. every single day for 4 months. sometimes i'd delete shit and write it again. i wrote a whole book to her. explaining why i acted like that. explaining that i dumped her because i felt she was ruining my life being with me. everything. i just had to talk with her. she had to understand me. i couldn't live with those insults. i wanted to die everyday because of what she said. in the end she got rid of her instagram though ugh... i completely fucked myself up by provoking her. of course she gets extremely angry, but i still care about her and look up to her so it hurts so much. unbearable to live with her insults in my head and being unable to make amends. unbearable to live with being a stalker. feel like the biggest loser on the planet. also, why didn't i just stop contacting after her last message? it was pointless and made her hate me even more. on the other hand, her insults were just so soulcrushing that i wanted to do everything to solve it. like seriously, this is such a huge stain on my life. things will never be the same again. my emotions have finally calmed down a little bit, but i'm still fucking hurt about it and can't stop thinking about it. maybe 30 minutes per day that it's quiet in my mind. also... what will this mean for my future? will she press charges? get a restraining order? what if me or my brother becomes famous? will my reputation be tainted? shit like that sucks so much about this. fuck having poor mental health, it makes you do dumb shit and that dumb shit created those horrible insults of her that completely ruined me making me even more deranged.	😓
i've used this sub reddit for what feels like a long time on various throwaway accounts but just wanted to say thank you to everyone who has replied to my posts. you are the reason i've stayed alive this long so i hope you all have a nice life. goodbye	👋
at peace with dying i've been considering suicide for quite sometime. i have my reasons just like anyone else, and i'm not going to get into all that. but anyways i had a beautiful shroom trip lastnight and it really enlightened me. i'm not scared to die anymore. i feel like my soul has finally found the peace that it has so long yearned for. probably going to od tomorrow morning. see you all on the other side	❤️
heroin sweet warm decadence after trying it a few times i've found my new love. it's better than most anything i've ever tried, and that includes loving humans. it's kind of like life and death in one needle. life because it helps my day go by without boredom and sadness. death because if things get too shitty i just have to use too much and maybe mix it with some other fun pills. thank you.	❤️
time to be at peace. love you guys. thanks for all the support over the years . its been a blessing and just know it was your words that kept me going. thanks and everyone have a great life.	✌️
maybe i'll actually get the help i needwe all know how shorty health care in usa is let alone mental health. first time in 10 years i felt a doctor really listened to me. i went to a walk in crisis center. i e been asking for weeks for help. my current doctor abandoned me (move out of state but said i could fly or drive back and they like "no"). the place i was doing therapy out here can't get me a doctor until august. i'll be dead or hospitalized by then for once i have some hope. these doctors really spent tine to know me. didn't rush me. set up a new therapist and found a psychiatrist and made my appointments for a week and a half from now. my parents have been working so hard to help me. i don't want to end up in the psych ward again - i'll make sure my next attempt works. figured the police could help me with that pewpewpew. my mom found a recovery center that takes my insurance. i'm in such crisis i need to be hospitalized but the hospital is trauma in itself. this is like a house with all sorts of therapy that they'll let me pick and choose. i'm supposed to go for 30-45 days. i'm intimidated. overwhelmed. scared. i can leave at anytime though. it's not an institution. 10 years of medications and bullshit. nothing works. i am going to kill myself if i don't get help. i think this will help. i'm scared. i don't want to be separated from my service dog (yes, they are in their legal right to not allow him to stay but he's allowed to come visit) i can't stop crying. my service dog is going to think i abandoned him meds got me sedated right now. my brother has all my extra meds so i can't od again. there's a flicker of hope but i'm scared. but if i don't do this i'm dead.	😭
my mom is trying to commit suicide this is going to be an in depth explanation of some events that have been taking place throughout my entire life. i was born into a household where domestic abuse was prevalent. my dad was very controlling to my mother and would severely beat her if they got into fights. my mom would also hit my dad, and at one point they were both arrested for assault of each other. they were also both alcoholics at this time. when they got divorced, i went to live with my mom. over the years she remained an alcoholic, and was negligent and emotionally abusive towards me until i left home at 17 for college. now, i just turned 21 and have entered my last year of college. her condition is more severe than it has ever been. along with drinking constantly throughout the day, my mom is addicted to meth. i live in texas, and i was recently trapped at home with her due to hurricane harvey. during this time i saw her slit her wrists, give herself black eyes, smash her head with steel cans, attempt to jump out of a moving car, and lastly put her arm through a glass window, severely cutting her wrist. she refused to go to the doctor for stitches. we have always been very poor so she's worried about medical expenses along with the fear of being institutionalized for showing signs of self harm (something i also do not want for her). when i left for school yesterday she begged and cried for me not to leave, but i had no choice. at the same time she screams expletives at me, and is angry at me for things i have no power of. today she has called me at least 30 times, beginning at 7am and continuing through the entire day and night. when i am able to answer she is often incoherent and sobbing. i don't know what to say to her to make anything better. i have no one to go to. i have nobody to help me. i too have struggled with thoughts of suicide and mental health issues, and this experience feels just as traumatizing as living in poverty with her as a young child. this is all i can think about, and it's effecting my classes in college and the work that i do immensely. does anybody know any resources i can go to for help or at least some guidance? is there anybody who can say that they understand what i'm going through? what do you do when somebody you love, a parent, needs this help? i feel so helpless and every conversation i have with her makes me worried it could be our last.	😔
i just feel like i need to talk. don't prioritize me or anything though.i don't know what's happening to be honest. i've been on and off really sad today and for the past week or so. today i've had a lot of suicidal thoughts, more of me kind of wanting to but really not, but i remember last year and the year before and the year before that (around this time of year usually) i had a lot of bad, frequent suicidal thoughts. and throughout the whole year too i guess, and it's probably been going on before that too, i just always figured it was normal to have them everyone now and then. i already know i can't be depressed or anything because a lot of the time i'm happy. let me back up and just say a little about myself. i'm 18 and a high school senior. i've been researching best pre med routes and possible physician specialties and even just learning human biology and other stuff whenever i'm not busy with school. i'm taking 5 ap classes and 2 honors classes but i like to think the stress of it doesn't get to me too bad. i mean, college will be a lot harder and a lot more stressful so i can't complain i guess. and if i get to med school that will be terribly stressful so i'm glad i'm working my way up. a lot of times i feel super stupid though. some classes i'm the worst in there or close to it. others i'm one of the smartest so who knows the deal. i have a girlfriend, and she's really funny and we say we love each other and everything, but whenever i talk to her about being sad she doesn't know what to say and just says something like "i'm sorry you feel like that" but i know she cares. she gets sad a lot and angry a lot though and i always do my best to talk to her and make her happy, but i feel like she blows me off a lot when she's upset and then it just brings me down. when i feel down its like i get this restlessness where i feel like i have to do something, but the only i can think of, ironically, is to kill myself (that's how about half of my suicidal thoughts are anyway, so they're not that serious) but i'm not gonna do that i don't think. it's like random things just get me down though, like a tiny thing someone says to me will slowly bring me down and down until i'm lying in bed wanting to shoot myself but knowing i can't do that. it wouldn't be fair to everyone attached to me, and i'd miss out on all my potential even if i have any. funny enough, the last time i really remember crying was like in july during an argument with my girlfriend, before that, like a year and half ago when my previous girlfriend broke up with me. so i guess it's funny how down i feel a lot but never really cry. i like to think i'm a little smart but i'm kinda slow to catch on sometimes so i fucking hope i can do something i love. i just doubt i'm depressed since most days i'm fine, and i wake up okay and just wait until a bad thought spirals and brings me down. anyway, i had to get all that off my chest, it's also slightly therapeutic. if you actually read all of this or some of this, shit, props to you. if you want to talk and you have nothing else to do id love to just chat with someone. maybe get some life experiences or just shoot the breeze. my girlfriend already went to bed and the rest of my friends aren't really people i talk to about stuff. anyway thanks for reading my jumbled mess if you did. have a great evening, and sorry if i posted in the wrong place. please don't feel obliged to help me just because i posted, you can use your time on people who need it if you need to. peace	✌️
helpsomeone please talk to me anyone at all, please	😔
isnt life just great? be me, depressed for years. finally find someone i love. leaves me for best friends. if only i was not under suicide watch already	🙃
if you see this, your life is precious. dear fellow friends, i am mainly new to reddit, and my goal is to assist others under virtually any circumstance. i stumbled upon this subreddit and i have to admit, it made me tear up a bit. the amount of how many people on here expressing their willingness to die is heart breaking, especially when some of you all are so young.. i have been suffering from severe depression since i was very young, and i still do. yet, i will not allow this to continue for all of you. you may not believe me, but your life is more special than you can ever imagine. pain and suffering consumes us all at different rates, but our fates do not all have to be the same. please, if you feel that you are going to harm yourself currently or if you know a loved one is planning on doing so, call this: 1-800-273-8255 unfortunately, i am not there with you to provide comfort when you truly need it; but the ones at this number do. i cannot stop what you may do to yourself, but all i can do is plead to direct your mindset towards the light of dawn instead of the darkness of dusk. i care about you. your family cares about you. your friends, teachers, guardians and even strangers.. they all care for you. i truly hope you stay safe for today, tomorrow and all of your life time. you can do this, i know you can.	❤️
so the australian federal police show up. this day can't get worse so after my lovely realisation i have turned into my abuser the afp (the same as the fbi) rock up at my parents saying i've committed a federal crime (i sent one message to the prime minister) and blah blah blah. they let me off when they realised i was not serious but i literally almost went to jail for trolling now my parents are so angry and i'm on the fucking terror watch list. jesus christ. i'll try to stop posting so much	😩
i want to end it alli [17m] have been going through depression but i can't seem to open up to anyone. i pushed my ex-girlfriend away because she tried helping me and my lack of communication just didn't let me open up to her, i can't even open up and talk to my parents or a therapist. i feel alone and want to end it all, i pushed almost all the people who mean something to me away. i have trust issues and it's so hard venting to anyone. i don't know what to do but lately i've just been thinking i have nothing to lose so why not end it all	😓
can't deal with people being disappointed in me i mean all the time. before i go on i am 99% sure i wont kill myself, but i write this none the less. so i'm almost 19 and i recently quit my job at mcdonalds because i got a grant with the city. when the grant was over i had a few weeks of free time before college started up and was happy to be free for a while. but as soon as college started my mother said that she would only respect me if i got a job. i have been looking for jobs that are not fast food for a month with no luck. i expressed my feeling of working in fast food to her and said i would never grt a job in fast food ever again because 2.5 years of hell was more then enough. a week ago she got me a car with the money that was supposed to be used for my tuition and now i am under more pressure then ever to get a job to pay for school and i cannot find one for the life of me. she also recently found out that i sometimes (quite rarley) do psychedelics (mainly shrooms and rcs that break down into psilocin). she was quite dissapointed in that as she just is fed all of this fucking bullshit from the government that she just follows blindly. she even said to me that weed is fucking addictive. she said that she is against drugs that "change your brain". but when i called her out on what ever the fuck pills she takes she said that it was ok because those are legal. fuck off. i occasionally grt given cigs by friends at school and will smoke them if i feel particularly stressed. i smoked one in my room just a half hour ago and she comes up stairs pissed and takes my keys and won't talk to me. also, not really related: whenever i try to talk to her about anything even slightly impprtant she will completly ignore me. not even a nod of the head. this has happened for years and she just fucking picks fights whenever she can and plays the victim when i raose my voice to try to het her fucking attention. i would have moved out long ago if i could find a fucking job but i fucking cant. i just cant deal with living with this fucking cunt that will kot listen to a aord i say. i feel some of my hatred stems from her being a fucking retarded right wing sheep fuck who doesn't find things out for herself but just listens to the faggots on the news and the bullshit the fucking government feeds her. fuck. this made no sense good night. don't kill yourself if you are thinking about it. just take some money, move to another country and just be a hobo and hop train cars or some shit. i knoa it's what i want to do and probably will in the future. positive vibes.	😩
ptsd and everyone's "harsh truths" make me want to die after just turning 29 and being female.tldr: i explored all the radical ideologies online (like red pill, black pill, etc.) and i'm a 29 year female who thought she had her whole life ahead of her despite surviving complex trauma...and now i want to die because of...really misogynistic/youth-obsessed/nihilistic people and their enablers on the internet. and welcome to my truth i have accomplished typical milestones in my life and have people that love and care about me. i look fine--some people even say i'm beautiful/gorgeous (like it matters that much? ) but i am also curious and i have been through complex trauma (including repeated sexual abuse/rape, car accidents, tragically losing my mother, public degradation and medical malpractice)...i know i'm resilient but i am so damn tired of surviving and trying to thrive and achieve my goals amongst abusive people in my everyday life and the vibrant community of abusers and their ignorant-enablers online (and yes. i dare say this on reddit) i am also aware that people my age are up against impossible odds in america (which everyone conveniently blames my generation for--before we were even old enough to hold positions of authority). if you don't know what i mean...read this: <url> meanwhile, so many men in my age group and younger are being "red pilled" and blaming all women for their problems (they say "feminism" but they punish average women for the mainstream culture) and the women are becoming desperate "pick-me's" who believe their value ends when they turn 23 years old. i know its not everyone, but its happened to men and women i care about as well as myself a little bit. and i want to die. i can already feel/predict the responses i will get to this post. i feel like i'm drowning in a sea of people who are so downtrodden, pessimistic and brainwashed that they think they're just being a "realist" when they're actually being excessively-insensitive and have the worst interpretation of reality (which makes them believe they are telling us all "harsh truths"). and don't get me started on the logicky-skeptic-y--science-is-absolute-truth-stuff. science gathers support and evidence--stop following it like its religious dogma. and i'm sorry but as a female, the time of 18-24 years old were the absolute worst years of my life, other than my academic life/graduating college. other than school, i was put down, raped and degraded repeatedly. it was hell. i lost mind. i lost my mother. if some red-pill neckbeard says that's "my prime", then please fucking kill me. my life has gotten better since then and i feel healthier than ever--i think i look better too, but fucking internet society and its self-deprecating-youth-obsession is leaking into the real world more and more and more i can't escape it. i want to die, but i don't want to attempt again (i survived suicide when i was 18). i keep asking for someone to kill me gently...but i really just want everyone to wake up to something better and stop being so obsessed with nihilism/procreation/youth/etc. but again, i can imagine the reddit comments now. i hope i'm wrong about that--but yes, please...kill me.	🙄
suicide is not the answer i posted here this morning talking about how i've not been coping well and how i've thought about suicide but not being sure if i'd do it. well, suicide is not the answer. i completely understand how hard it is to try to carry on. but whether you feel like you have got anything to live for or whether you feel like you have got nothing, there is always someone somewhere who's life would be worse off without you in it. maybe you haven't found that person yet, but you might meet that person tomorrow, or next week, or in a years time. be excited about the future. you never know what is around the corner. you might have to struggle a bit more before you get to where you want to be in life, but that struggle will only make you stronger and it will be completely worth it. it might seem easy for me to say this because i've never even attempted suicide, but i have thought about it a lot recently. but i do know how hard life can be and it seems like sometimes no matter what people say, it seems like things will never get better, but if you really want it then they will. there will always be someone who loves and cares about you and will be there for you no matter what. stay strong, we're all in this together	❤️
i want to die	❤️
oh, i am done i am in this weird done numb place. i've been here for awhile tbh. all week i have thought about dying and rn i am drunk and it sounds great. bc who would miss me? my fake friends that text me every once in a while to fill their conscience? or my family that let me get abused? so yeah, i think i'm going to try to kill myself again (not my first attempt) and hopefully it's my last i hope you all get what you're looking for in life.	😊
haven't self harmed in a while but feeling very actively suicidal.i don't really wanna elaborate too much but last december i attempted suicide and survived them a bunch of other shit happened that almost killed me. for example i got in a bus crash one week, the next week my bus barely missed a train then covid happened. i pretended to recover but i don't think i have. i have a lot of past trauma that i'm dealing with (feel free to read my previous posts and comments about it) , and i'm still living with the same person who caused the trauma. plus i'm failing all my classes, and i really want to go to college. especially an ivy league one but i don't have the money for that so i'd need a scholarship and i've already failed 2 1/2 years of high school. even though i have an iq of 128 and am told i'm smart, i'm obviously not applying myself and my mental health is really getting in the way. i also found out i have a dangerous, possibly fatal heart condition. im living way below the poverty line so i have a job however that's affecting my health but i'll be stuck in this house, more poor than i already i am, if i don't have it. i feel trapped and broken. and i'm trying to hide it, but i'm one of the few people that knows i'm not okay. or maybe i am/was okay but i'm so used to being not okay that i self-sabotage. idk but i'm really suicidal and need someone to talk to. thank you so much. also please avoid cliches	❤️
how old are you? would like to gauge the average age here on this thread. i'll rec'd responses to my thread where people mention "my mom or dad" and "do you have parents or family?" i am middle aged, no parents. the critical situation i am in isnt resolvable for many reasons. younger people have more options than older people and then the variable specifics to my sitiation cant be solved with common solitions. people who are suicidal and want to carry it out thru planning it are not all mentally ill nor addicted. yet, that is how crisis centers & 911 responds to it. they put a label on the person "mentally ill" & think the solution to help a mentally ill person works for the person who hs a valid reason to end their life. most people see life (and offer advise) from their life stage as though it works for the other person	🤔
in the end my life doesn't matter. nobody will remember me. i'm a loser because i don't know how to connect with people anymore because i've been hurt too many times. this world has become narcissistic- if your not pretty, rich, funny and have no talent your basically worthless and using up precious resources that better more important people can have. if you cannot connect through a computer /phone your isolated from society. so if you are not photogenic your fucking screwed. fuck this world i never asked to be here	❤️
bad again its getting bad again, i feel like im living a fucking dream i feel trapped inside myself i cannot go on lile this if this is forever i quit i just cant im so fucking weak	😔
help me please...hello, i am a 2nd year college. does anyone of you have an old laptop which you never use/broken but still functions? can i have it? i badly need it for online class, i cant afford to buy one. i've looked for jobs and its hard for mw because i live in a remote area. i dont know what to do anymore	😔
do y'all have any advice for helping suicidal homies? i have them randomly but my friend really seems to be going through it. they said they failed an attempt yesterday . y'all got any advice?	😭
i've tried i've tried overdosing, i've tried harming myself where i wanted to bleed out that didn't work now the only one left is to hang myself it's the only way out of this	😭
i used to make myself hang on for things like tv shows, but at this point i don't even care about any of it. my favourite tv show is preacher. i connect to the characters, i rewatch episodes constantly, i write fanfiction about the characters, and i always say that i am as good as dead when the show is on hiatus. it currently is on hiatus, but dear god i couldn't care less about the new season. i just want to be gone so i can stop invading people's lives and ruining everything. this dumb, garbage show isn't worth sticking around for. sorry for venting. have a great weekend, everyone.	❤️
rough night for me, i need help. i've been suicidal since year 5 which is about 10-11 yrs old, i remember sitting in a bathroom at that age with electrical cord wrapped around my neck thinking i could kill my self that way. (i've been drinking so bare with me ) (a bit of back story) i've tried a few more times since then, nearly successful once. first time i've actually thought about it in about 5 years, been depressed all throughout tho. i'm 19 now and i have a girlfriend who care for dearly and a dog who i love to bits. i'm live with my mum and dad right now but my urge to end it is stronger then it has been in a while, i absolutely hate my life and the way it's going right. this time last year i was working in an okay job living away from home, my girlfriend was there and we lived with my older sister, couple months down the line my sister decided she didn't like it so i ended up back home with my parents. since then i haven't been able to recover from the deep depression i fell into, i sit at home doing fuck all and i hate, i feel like such a dumb cunt but can't find the care or motivation to get out of this slump. i hate what am and what i've became and wish i would just go back to the way i used to be tonight was a really bad night for me and i'm the most ready to end it for the first time in a while. any advance is welcomed because i really don't see the light at the end of the tunnel, i dealt with these feelings for years and can't remember a happy stretch that lasted for longer 4 months. please someone help me	❤️
no will to do anythingthird day now that i can't gather the strength to get out of bed. i haven't eaten. i haven't done anything. i just have this overwhelming cloud of depression over me. all i can do is cry then feel numb for some time. i hate struggling with mental health. i feel like i'm a freak. i hate that people only want me around them when i'm upbeat. my boyfriend left me because of my depression i struggle so much to stay in reality. it sucks	😔
i don't want to be here anymore but i love my family so much to hurt them	😭
hey guys. it's the guy from earlieri was kinda drunk. i really appreciate the support. still kinda drunk but she called me and told me how much she cares about me. i also want to reiterate that it wasn't mainly about her. i just realized i was really depressed. thanks guys. if you want check out my instagram. @9clout thanks guys	😕
i can't do it i'm at the point now goodbye cruel world thank u to everyone who has tried pls don't think this is ur fault it's mine for deciding it	😭
its been a tough year for all of us.be proud of yourself for making it this far. have a good 2019 and stay safe	❤️
suicidal thoughts but don't want to die?i am scared of death damn i must be useless asf i have suicidal thoughts but i dont want to die. i have no hope, no motivation, no job, no education and no friends. looks wise slightly above average (so dont know whats wrong with me) birthday today (early 20s) so massive loser + failure. its the worst when family gatherings arrive so i have see how behind im from everyone i just sit at my room doing nothing. no direction in life. so how do you keep going? like really? thanks you for reading my pathetic post.	😂
i really want to kill myself...i hope i die in my sleep.i can't stand it anymore. why exist?? we die anyway. am i even real? i don't even care anymore. i am afraid of what happens when and after we die, but it's inevitable anyway and i'm so fucking miserable all the time. i hope i come back as a happier person whose dreams become reality. i've decided to stop trying to get control over my health and just let my illness take me away, hopefully in my sleep... but i'm sure it will be slow and miserable, but i deserve torment, and besides, i won't even remember it once i'm dead... i really want to die so badly. i haven't cut myself in 3 years and i want to now so fucking badly. i hate my life. i have great things in it but i'm so sick all the time that none of that is enough to make living worth suffering. i want to kill myself!!! i wish i had fentanyl... that would be my ideal way to go, personally. ugh i feel so sick right now. please, take my life, god! i beg you! cure me or kill me, please!!!! i don't want to keep going any longer i can't keep going any longer.... i won't...	😢
i've used this sub reddit for what feels like a long time on various throwaway accounts but just wanted to say thank you to everyone who has replied to my posts. you are the reason i've stayed alive this long so i hope you all have a nice life. goodbye	👋
i'm here to help!i used to come here talk with people who are on the edge of doing something hurtful to themselves but for a month or so i took myself some time for personal reasons... i'm not a therapist or anything but sometimes all that a person needs is someone to listen to what they are saying,maybe if you're okay i would like to help with the things too so i'm requesting if anyone needs help through the chat reach out to me,i'll make sure to get back to you soon,all are welcomed! (i'm 21m if that matters to anyone)	🖤
overdosedi od'd about two weeks ago and my sister found me in my room. i was resuscitated unfortunately. you would think the trauma i put on my sister and family would be enough to make me rethink suicide but it's not. i need to finish the job this time it's pointless. life is fucking pointless. i've been raped, sexually assaulted, bullied, dropped out of college. i tried to find joy in the small things, tried to enjoy just waking up everyday. but it's a chore. my mind is working fucking overtime bombarding me with all these thoughts and anxiety. it's never ending and i need it to be quiet please let my world be quiet. please let my attempt work. i just need for this to be over. i'm sorry for ranting, i just had to tell someone so why not some internet strangers. good bye and thanks for listening	❤️
visiting suicide locationeverything i touch, i ruin. i'm going to visit the place where i'd commit suicide tomorrow.	💔
hi all i want is to have the courage to kill myself but in this too i am only a failurewell, i really don't know why i am writing this but... i know i think after writing this maybe i would feel any better about myself, but that is never going to happen this felling is not something i can control anymore. i have a friend he has a lot of problems, he is very important to me and my group, my tiny dear group of friends. he is only 16, and i know that he will take xanax everyday and will continue with smoking, he wants and i know he's going to die soon, so everyday that i spent with him i have to think is the last. in the first moment i said to myself after knowing all of this he's the most courageous person in the world. because life is really not worth it	😊
money always plays a role i can never afford my college text books, so i end up dropping a lot of classes. and then, because i drop, i become eligible for less and less financial aid. so, like, i get penalized for being poor, and my punishment is to be even poorer. i've tried explaining this to financial aid, but they don't care at all. i really want my degree; i have no skills and really need to have what it takes to get a good job and make a living wage. but, like, money sucks. i'm incredibly down. it feels like our society hates poor people, even though i'm doing everything in my power to change my situation. it just sucks having to pick between food and books. but oh well.	🙃
seems like most people second guess suicide because they don't want to hurt their loved ones. it must be a blessing then that i have no 'loved ones' to consider. thanks, god	😁
tried cutting myself with a pair of kitchen scissors, might go take some pills idk[since my last post didn't get much response](<url>), i'm just at a complete loss for words. i tried lightly cutting the tip of my thumb with a pair of kitchen scissors to calm myself, but i was too sweaty. but now that things have calmed down i'm about to go do it right after i post this. i'll try not to make it bleed this time. i wish i had the will to throw shit and knock these goddamn fuckers upside the head. i wish could beat and throw furniture out the window just to avoid hurting people. i'll probably to just do it in silent. please, someone help. i don't care about battery or assault charges anymore, as long as i don't do any permanent damage i don't give a single fuck. i'm probably gonna take apart the christmas tree and toss it outside just so i can avoid trying to actively kill myself. i hope it doesn't get stolen bc it looks kinda nice (i'll keep the lights and decoration inside) i'm glad i don't live in a household with guns or i'd be dead. (if police are called on my home i'm immediately committing suicide idgasf what hotlines and other bullshit say )	❤️
so sadhahaha so sad that even when i'm not suicidal i know that it's a must to for me to die because i don't see myself getting back up. wow my life is over at just 22.i hope a disease snatches me away before i do something that i might regret	😢
she broke me i thought that life would have so much to offer. the truth is.. is that it does; yet my life is slowly coming to an end. opened pandoras box and was hit with forbidden love. because i fell in love with someone and this time it was real, i'd never felt the way i did when i met her. out of 19 years of seeing women, she was the only one to give me butterflies. that's when i knew it was love at first site. i told her and things didn't go well. mostly i think because we were under terms of the law " hippa." after multiple attempts to confess my love and get her to understand....she cut me completely out of her life. i was under the influence of denial. and then it hit me. it hit me so hard i thought i was going to die. i called her on my birthday, hoping that a sprint would be in my goodwill. but instead i got a short one sided convo, a "have a good life", and the. the phone hung up. my world went black and over the months, i lost both of my jobs, i became addicted to coke and alcohol. with that started the grieving process. except i grieved as if she had died, because that's the amount of loss i felt. after a year of hell, i still can't seem to let her go, no matter how hard or how many times. i know i can find other fish , but when you find "the one," where else are you suppose to look? and that is why i want to end my life, among a few other reasons. but this one ... this is the one. only she can save me, i need closure, i need to see her one last time. if i don't grasp her attention soon, then it's the end. i'm only 19 , i know i'm young you don't have to tell me. but people have to go sometimes. and that is why i'm sorry if anyone wants to reach out to her... let me know i'll send her info	❤️
i don't know what's wrong with me nothing makes sense anymore. i have parents who want nothing to do with me, friends who don't give a shit about me, and a wife who doesn't understand me in the slightest. my heart is a black hole and for some reason nothing is ever enough and i'm never satisfied. there's too many people in my life who don't care about me for me to think its not my problem. i'm the common factor in all this and i just can't stop hurting. i'm loving and kind but it seems that it doesn't matter in the end. if i wasn't such a coward about it i'd be dead already instead of posting here. i've tried being strong but i just can't go on anymore. no matter what path i take i'm stuck. damned no matter what road i walk down. i never wanted this for my life and can't believe my life has come to this. the only solace from this living nightmare is in my dreams or death. i wish i could fall asleep in sweet bliss and never wake up even now i can't stop crying and nobody cares or knows how to talk to me. i suffer from being too smart and aware of too many things and it's killing me. i just can't go on anymore.	😢
i don't know anymore...can anybody please give me a way of easily killing myself... there is absolutely no hope for me. i just want to end everything in just an idiot beeing an idiot messing up everyone's life. sadly i'm not 18 so i cant buy any pills or something. probably u will think i'm an idiot well i am one just hate me and i hate myself even more win win	😭
should i just kill myself?ok trying to make this as brief as possible: mental breakdown around january last year. went from an extremely heavy and skinny smoker who only ate garbage to a gym rat. eating, eating, eating, 4000 calories per day, becoming strong. however: i get filled with regrets because the contrast is so huge. i feel like i'm about to die. also get so fucking angry at myself and feel like the biggest failure ever. i mean... who smokes!? who neglects his health!? only losers do that. self-esteem below zero. suicidal thoughts. i contact my ex to talk about it. look up to her because she's 8 years older. i start it off on the wrong foot with extremely negative texts and i feel like i have to explain myself. she constantly says something i want to reply to and then blocks me so i keep making new accounts. one time she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards' so i make a new account one last time to reply with 'but i did change'... then she explodes. writes a message to hurt me as much as possible and says she will never reply again. says shit like 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... saying that to me in my situation is pure poison for my brain. it's black on white and becomes engrained in my brain. every single minute of the day it keeps repeating in my head. i'm so frustrated and sad that she said that to me because it completely ruins my mental health and makes me feel hopeless. i can't cope with it and constantly write messages and delete them again only to write them again everyday explaining myself and apologizing. she never replies. after like 4 months of doing that shit she gets rid of her instagram i wrote a last extremely personal e-mail to her work, but she left that company so it got forwarded to her co-workers. holy shit. conclusion: i've turned into a stalker. should i kill myself? i can't live with the embarrassment and shame...	😓
completely embarrassed myselfi had a mental breakdown a year ago. i used to smoke way too much weed and cigarettes and i ate extremely unhealthy too for 9 years. on top of that i had just lived life without thinking clearly and just lived in the moment. i became suicidal because i was so shocked at why my past self didn't just fucking live healthy like i've been doing for the last 2 years. my mind was set on killing myself. then i contact my ex who i dumped and she blocked me. in some random, dumb, depressed, idiotic, life-ruining impulse i made a new account and wrote extremely suicidal texts to her. she said she had improved a lot and i said. 'fuck improving. i'm done with life. pointless bullshit anyway. you still want my cat?'... after that she got angry. i start to explain it. she engages, but then blocks me. this happens like 8 times. after a while she says 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. then i reply that i did change because i hit the gym 6 times per week, eat extremely healthy, quit smoking, graduated and starting my career. that's her cue to explode. she writes an extremely mean message filled with hate, disdain and degrading stuff. 'you'll never learn how to live your life' 'loser' 'whiner' 'tragic' 'forecasting that you're going to die? i don't fucking care!' 'this is the same irrational behavior as at that concert when you were arguing with random ppl'... she also told me she would never reply again. then it becomes chaos in my head. it was already chaos, but after that it just went overboard. i hate those insults so much. they repeat in my head all the time. i can't cope with it. i'm too emotionally weak already. i struggled to recover from my suicidal thoughts and this on top of it was too much. like i just started screaming out of agony after i read those words for the first time... 'you'll never learn how to live your life'... constantly repeating in my head. flashbacks to arguing at that concert. feeling even worse about myself. initially fucking hated her! she was 8 years older and came into my life and i never asked for it and then she can't even bring herself to end it without a bunch of insults that are so toxic for my mental health at that time! so i was fucking angry and wrote insulting messages back in the beginning. after that i changed though. i started to realize that i was in the wrong. i changed my tone and began explaining all the time. begging to talk it out. i did this for like 4 to 5 months because i couldn't think of anything else. in the end i wrote an extremely personal e-mail to her workmail that got forwarded to her co-workers in which i called myself a piece of shit and more dramatic stuff like saying 'begging the universe i'm still on time'... i fully took the blame in that one. i still had one weak moment and wrote another message like a month later to her linkedin and that was it. i hate myself. i can't believe that this has happened. i hate that this is part of my life story. i feel like i should kill myself sometimes because i can't stand myself. i'm so ashamed of myself. i'm not a good person... i'm so scared for the future and afraid of getting cancer. i'm terrified she will tell it to my family after i die. or that she will expose me in the future. i feel sooooooo bad about this.	😓
read this plshe sent me a long message saying he isn't the one for me and saying stuff about his past and how i deserve someone better and how he could die.,, i'm the one who doesn't deserve him. i don't care about his past or anything. i still want to be with him. he promised me he'd give me a chance before., and i hope he does.. we were making each other so happy just being close friends... nobody is proud of their past. i used to be like a ghost for example. but we can always get better. harry i know you're probably reading this. i still love you more than anything and i really hope you give me a chance	❤️
probably my last post. ily guys, don't be like me	✌️
relationship issues are making me suicidal. i have no where to turn. please help. i am a 16 year old girl who recently just got out of a 2 year relationship, well it would have been 2 years on oct. 11. i have everything to this man, who is 19, and we had been together since i was a freshman in highschool, i am now a junior. i am so emotionally attatched to him, but i am not allowed to be with him due to our age gap. i love him so much but he has said such hurtful things to me about my body and just me as a person. he was my first and i have him everything. i have a body image issue so hearing these things makes me feel like falling over the edge. i recently atarted talking to someone else to try to get my mind off of him but i feel so alone and different. i had a miscarriage with this man and we have so much history together. i can't live without him. i have noone else. i have noone to talk to. i have no friends. he is the only person that i had. this new guy just isn't for me but i feel like i have to have someone in my life. i just want to end everything. i have no idea what to do. i can't talk to my mom because she will just yell and scream at me. i am never allowed to leave the house and i am stuck here 24/7 with noone... please someone just help me please.	😭
i've been secretly hoping i have end stage cancer what could possibly put me more at peace than being told i only have 3 months to live? what a dream.	😞
everytime i cross the roads , i wish cars hit me i wish that accidents can just happen to me so my family won't understand my death as a suicide , i really want to die so bad , i've been suffering depression for almost 4 years , i want to be out , i've had enough with trying , nothing works	💔
oh well who cares? i mean it, who cares? family doesnt, friends dont, who cares? i have plenty of liquor and 250 rounds of ammunition. i dont think i'll miss. i'm sorry world. normally i'd try to help others on this subreddit with a different account and different persona. sorry jordan. sorry dylan and the rest of your family. sorry. goodbye. sorry for me. sorry for me edit: note wrote. see you soon. bye	👋
i'm just so...i don't even know.	😕
dissociationok so i'm going to tell my life story from the begining. so my mother had her first kid at 12 and had me by the age of 14 and eventually went on to have five more kids by the age of 21 and we were all takin away and sent for adoption. but before that my biological family had me up to the age of 4, and i was already messed up in the head because i was getting abused by my aunt because my mom got pregnant by her sister best friend and she was jealous and took it out on me. and on top of that my family would just let me cry as a baby for hours on end and i ended up getting an outtie belly button. the reason we were taking into custody by dcfs is because my aunts boyfriend smothered one of my sisters in front of me and my sister and i remember all of it. at the time i had no idea what was happening. but as time went on and i got older i put the peices together. but anyways my aunt dropped us off at dcfs and her and her husband went on the run. since then i had went through 6 foster homes before getting adopted. these are the things i remember happening ( i had to put shoes on this fat women cause she couldnt do it) (i remember drinking either pee or bleach and i kept throwing up and the adpoted agencies were called ) the people that adopted me fostered me and my sister cierra together at first and decided not to keep her cause they thought she had to many issues. when they were fostering me my supposed to be mom was abusing us. i had issues with peeing the bed and she thought i'd do it on purpose but i wasn't and would lie to her and tell her i didn't pee cause i was scared of her. anyways as time went on they adopted me and my two other sisters got adopted together. and the other people i was with adopted me and they would let us visit and play. my sisters would have makeup and jewelry and i wanted the same but my mom wouldn't let me. then my mom cancels the play dates and said she didn't want me seeing my sisters again. at that time i had no idea why....i was like still 4. her reason behind it was because every time i saw them i would come back and act worse. the family i was in they had 4 kids themselves then went ahead and adopted another black daughter like me so i wouldn't feel left out being the only black daughter (so they say). my adoptive dad also had another daughter when he was 17 by another women so she was considered my half sister. so in total i had 6 siblings which made 7 kids total. my three oldest sister ages are 38 25 20 and i'm 19 then 16 and two 14 year old. all girls and 1 boy is 14 and the black girl is 14. by the time i started school when i was five i was adopted and my name was changed to kalyn. i was so talkative in school and was always getting in trouble. i was a very outgoing kid who was always happy. and always saying smart shitt. i was cursing alot when they first adopted me at 4 and they would make me eat spoonfuls of soap and make me do it and id be crying. that was the kind of environment i was around i didn't know better. i would also make fun of there daughter who at the time was 6 and she was really fat. but they would say stuff about me ..because im guessing theyd never really been around a black person. i felt out of place and ill tell you why. so growing up i was a hyper kid. they saw it and couldn't handle it. by the time school was over they didn't think i was ready for first grade and held me back. in school i was talkative didnt listen and through tantrums. i never got any attention at home except negative attention when my mom was trying to help me with my homework. she would even at home belittle hit and pick because i was that bad to her. shed get frustrated while doing homework and so would i cause i just couldn't get it and she wasn't patient and would just hit scream and belittle me. by the time i was in 1st grade i was on medicine. i had adhd and take pills for it. i also had bipolar disorder, oppositional defiant disorder, and compulsive disorder. they put me on all thus medicine when i started school to mellow me out. when i was taking the adhd pills it would make me not hungry and i wouldn't eat. and my mom would force me to eat and i would sit there for hours at the table crying because i just felt so stuff and couldn't eat. everything i did annoyed her. i did weird shitt as a kid. i'd talk to the tv. i sucked my thumb would walk on my tippy toes and she fixed all those except the thumb sucking i did that on my own. but anyways back to my too story i would throw my lunches away cause i wasn't hungry and tell them my mom wasn't caring for me cause she didn't give me lotion and stuff. so i got in trouble for that and she also had people in the school watching me to make sure i eat. when i was 6 i was sick and had to stay in my room all day watching winnie the pooh and i didn't wanna be up there so i started screaming and crying. i wasn't allowed to go downstairs at all. so she kept telling me to be quiet and i wouldn't and she finally came upstairs and started hitting and shaking me. she called the adopted agencies right in front of me and tried to get rid of me and they wouldn't take me. i was getting into sooo much trouble everyday and getting yelled at i started day dreaming a little bit in my head. i would play with my fingers when i got in trouble and was basically always doing something. i was a bad kid i even chewed up one of the wooden beds they had cause they used to send me to my room as a kid. and i continued to get in trouble in school. i made lots of friends in school it came naturally to me as a kid. im a gemini . i had got so close to a group of girls in school that they were threatening to beat my adopted sister up cause i told them she would pick on me at home and when i'd react i'd get in trouble for it. so they were gone beat her up on the bus and ended getting in trouble for it and my mom got a call home and i was in trouble. by the time i was 7 i really just started shutting down and just living in fear cause everything i did was wrong. they kept changing my medicine cause they thought it needed to be stronger and wed have to drive places going to therapy. the medicine was so strong it'd have me so knocked out i was drooling during the day so the switched it again. this time my neck would just spazz turn itself and just get stuck and lock. they had to rush me to a hospital and i got a shot and it was fixed.by the time i was 7 i was lieing and stealing to. but i was stealing stupid shitt from the house. get caught and get in big trouble . ## not finished just tired gn	😂
i'm feeling really suicidal right now and i just want it to stop. thoughts about suicide methods are running through my head and i just want it to stop	😔
i need to be loved.i'm extremely desperate. and this isn't the place to ask or look for anyone, but in this subreddit there's many people who are suicidal and depressed and maybe some people who are as desperate as i am. but i need somebody. i need a girlfriend. i need somebody who can love me for me and i can love for them. i need somebody who can actually stay and mean it when they say everything's going to be okay. someone i can help, and who can help me too. someone to spend my life with. if someone here is as desperate as me for true love, and maybe nobody likes you just like me. i have no friends and everyone just treats me like ass. maybe we can help eachother. but i'm hoping to kill myself in a few hours.. and i don't expect this post to stay up or attract anyone. but if some girl out there needs someone, regardless of how big of an absolute fuck up they are, i'm here. i just need a girlfriend. a soulmate. i'm tired of being left, and i realize how desperate this is but shit love's kind of the only thing that can stop me. i need somebody. i'm 17 and i'm a boy with gender dysphoria and no friends. so if somehow you're interested. my discord is .#1015 , or provide yours and i'll add you. if this post is taken down, i understand. and i'm sorry. and this isn't a troll. i fucking need to find my soulmate already. i need this.	💔
it's time to go. i already picked a date. 20.01.2026. it's the same day i found out that the only person that i've ever loved, loves another one. when i was a child, other people always bullied me. family, friends, neighbors, strangers. fat, ugly, stupid. i don't remember my mom or dad ever hugged me with love. she passed away 3 years ago and i can't stop blaming myself. she always said that no one will ever love me. dad was.. he was there to yell and beat me whenever is needed (most of the time not needed). so did she. i started cutting and hitting myself when i was about 11 years old. no one noticed. few years later my parents found out. and again, yelled and beated me. i have 3 suicide attempts. the second one, my mom saw something is wrong but never said anything or did anything. the third time was recently. dad just went to sleep while i was vomiting out my life. funny, isn't it. i met him more than 7 years ago. i was really into him but he is older than me and had a girlfriend. we hooked one time and... it was the first time i enjoyed it.. the first time i'm doing because i wanted. it felt good. how stupid i was? he had a girlfriend. never texted him again. he somehow found me in instagram (end of september 2017) and we started texting. his girl moved in another country. we met in october and.. started dating.. it was so good. everything was nice.. except we had to do it in secret - he didn't broke up with his gf (i felt awful). eventually he broke up with her in april. everything started good. then he met her. she was just a friend.. :) and i was just stupid. the frustrating part is that i'm 20, he is 28, she is 16/17. :) he made me believe that.. maybe i do deserve to be happy. nobody ever stuck with me for more than 2 months. he was around for about a year.. i trusted him. nobody was that genuine with me before him. nobody every showed the slightest sign of love and affection. i fully trusted.. and then.. cold.. everyone else knew they were dating but not me. i'm so stupid. i'm so stupid for believing someone will love me, or fell for my ugly face. i made myself so easy to love. i was such a good girlfriend. i did everything, im telling you, everything to make him feel good - whatever he asked for.. but i guess it wasn't enough. i wasn't enough. i will never be good enough for someone to stay. it's always about the sex. it's always when they are lonely or looking for fun. always. my mom was right - no one will love me. not with this face. not with this body. not with this character. not with this mind. not with this baggage. why do i even try tho? fml i fail in everything, i couldn't even kill myself three times. i failed three times. i failed my school, couldn't get my degree. i'm trying to stay in lane but lately i have more suicide thoughts. i'm thinking again about drinking and cutting.. for now u just hit my head and somehow .. it's helping.. it really does! now, i don't want you to think he is a bad person. he is not. i am the one that failed him. i've lied to him few times and probably this is the reason he left me. i don't know. the funny part is that we are connected with something and i get to see them often ^^ we will travel in a week and i will have to see their happy faces and hear her laugh and see their kisses. maybe i will kill myself then? maybe few days around their wedding? or maybe i will wait patiently till 20.01.2026? i don't know either. i'm totally alone. no one to speak with. total isolation. i'm devastated. i write in my diary... my only friend.. eh, probably i've wastes your time as well. sorry! i'm just a waste of space and deserve zero happiness or whatever good stuff. the only thing i deserve is a shallow pit where i can die and bother no one. sorry for making you read this. hope i die anytime soon. tldr: depression; suicide; met someone; spent beautiful 1 year; they met "a friend"; i am a f mess again; talking how bad i am; prolly will kill myself anytime soon	😁
ending it tonight.long story short, i have a supportive family, they know of my condition and do anything to take care of me. have a good set of friends who help me distract my mind whenever i'm feeling down. went through a breakup but i'm 'kinda' starting to like someone new but i don't want to say it because of my mindset and it might seem wrong so fast. have good grades, am doing well in college, have one of the highest cgpa in my branch, all the lecturers love me. yesterday was a good day after 4 months of this depression and suicidal thoughts, actually put efforts on studying and did self care for myself. but at night i got suicidal thoughts as usual. seeking professional help too and it's making me a bit better. but yeah, tonight i'm giving up all of it, yeah seems like i have it all and am crazy to kill myself, but i don't want this anymore. stopped talking to everyone after i got thoughts last night, i'm supposed to inform, but nah, i'm going to go meet my friends for one last time, spend time with my family, and kill myself when night comes. i just want to say thank you to the reddit fam that helped me over the past couple of months, you're amazing and kind people. goodbye.	✌️
sigh when the only friend you reach out to ask you to stop talking like this	😔
suicide i ingested forty crushed taxus baccata seeds, a seed containing an alkaloid that shows no early symptoms before leading to cardiac arrest- consequencing death. i will pass at approximately 3am. i desired to tell my beloved companion who will likely really this at some point in the near future: it is not your fault darling. you know that you had nothing to do with the extinguishing of my life. i love you until my dying breath. i hope the reward for this action will not be too severe, but i realize that is not the case. goodbye my good friends, may your lives be enriched	❤️
my dad is encouraging my suicide, again, and i'm really thinking about doing it once and for all.. tomorrow my dad and i are supposed to travel to a country that i am not a fan of and i am forced to go there. i told him i can't go there; i never feel comfortable in this particular country, but he said that he would stab or choke me if i argue any more with him about it any longer. so i have been crying all day, i still am. extra info: - i am a young teen - i am depressed and have really strong anxiety - my dad is pretty sociopathic - he told me that the only thing that i can do to contribute to society is committing suicide, which made me even more depressed	😞
i've looked for ways to die so long now it's like it's become a security blanket. actually putting effort into living seems just as scary.	😔
i absolutely hate myself, the family i grew up 'in' , the choices i've made, where i am now and my entire existence really (my existence as a borderline and how i want to die). now i might get the order of events slightly wrong, my memory of my past is very foggy and whole chunks are missing so i fear not everything that i say will be completely accurate, but i will try my best. it's been about 6 years since i first remember demonstrating unhealthy behaviour. the biggest trauma i have (unless i have some hidden repressed memories) is my mother calling me names regarding my size and weight "fat pig", "pot bellied pig" yet she was the one who fed me adult size portions from long before i reached adulthood and bought me m&m's most days after (primary) school. i was only around 7 when she started picking on me but she was the only person who fed me! soon after i began secondary school, i developed an eating disorder. i started hugely restricting my calorie intake (eating about 400 - 1000 calories a day). i lost 4 times the healthy amount to lose per week (2lbs), in a week (so i lost 8lbs), but i soon reached plateau. i carried on restricting for a while afterwards. i decided i wanted to start purging, so i tried to make myself throw up but i found it very difficult so i only did that a few times. i soon began self harming in other ways, by cutting myself. i did that on and off through secondary school and also made several suicide attempts. my mum took me to my gp and i was referred to child psych services. i was three different people while i was there but i don't feel anything got better as a result. i also struggled academically but didn't get any help, which in turn had an affect my mood. i was a very intelligent child, reaching all of my milestones in good time or even sooner than expected. i was in the top class for most subjects (if not all of them) and was considered a "gifted" child (whatever that means). adults loved me, i was polite, clever and good at talking with them.	🙃
22, college student, powerless, hopeless, restless. fuck thisi wish it was easy to stay positive, but i just feel so overwhelmed that i just wish i could just close my eyes and not have to deal with this stuff anymore. i have a crazy ex who slashed my tires a couple of days ago, which i had to pay for out of pocket. $300. gone. i know from a logical perspective that the relationship was just fucked and i was not the best version of myself in it, but i still care about her which is a big hurdle to jump over. just lost my car keys and that was another $200. gone. i'm busting my ass at the cheesecake factory for nothing and as a personal trainer at a local gym and taking 5 university credit classes trying to just barely pay my bills and finish my degree. i feel so overwhelmed and restless like i'm getting kicked in the teeth by life relentlessly. and i don't even have the energy to do things that i used to love doing, like working out (ironically) and making music. i have a great social group of friends but compounded with all of the other things i am doing, i feel like a rubber band being pulled in a thousand directions and i am chronically just living an illusion in my head. i am torn between the "safe route" and making music (it's hard to make money making music.) i feel directionless like i don't know where i'll end up and it fucking terrifies me. my mom tells me to do what i want but i don't feel like she understands me after i explain myself, and she doesn't open up to me really, and my dad died 4 years ago. i just feel so alone and hopeless. i don't know what i can do to start feeling like myself again, ya know, enjoying life and not worrying about the million things i should be doing. i feel like this is not sustainable and i am going to work myself to death, and the worst part is that i am 22 years old. like i do not see myself living for another 5 years when i feel like i'm already fucking 45. everyone else my age seems to have a direction with what they want and put together and is enjoying their youth	😞
rip lmaolike 20ish days ago i was set on killing myself. now on monday i'm going to a clinic program thing. when i went there for my intake it was nice though. it was nice seeing a bunch of other ppl who wanted to kill themselves lmao. hopefully i can make some friends..? i feel like i'll fuck it up though :( i don't think anyone can genuinely like me bc i over share so often and cant read social cues and am a social mess. i bet they'd understand but deep down think i'm a weirdo :/ anyways kinda excited. been a long time since i've looked forward to something that wasn't killing myself lol. if u got any tips lmk	👍
feeling done with life rn no friends, no family that cares about me, nothing just emptiness. no happiness, no smiles just fake emotions. thinking about ending it all soon. i've tried once before and it didn't work. can't even kill myself right i can't do anything right.	😭
i am ready i have made peace with the fact that nothing will get better, that i am done, whatever, divine reason is there for me to be here, i have either done it or wont ever do it. i am tired , cant take this anymore , wont take it, it is not worth it. so.. i am as good to go as i may ever will be. i do have a few people in my life, they will get their notes they are already done and stored, they are the reason i made it this far, but they are not enough... everything else is ready as well, i do have a "plan" a place and a time. i am scared, i want a reason to go on... but i cant find it so i guess this is it. i did met a few ppl here, so for you a goodbye, for the rest, have fun..	😊
i hate that all the kids in my family are 30 they are my best friends and there going on with there lives	😞
one last goodbyehi, so this is kind of a goodbye statement or something along those lines. i have decided to end my life as of june 1st. i just wanted to thank you all for your nice words & messages! i really did appreciate you guys trying to help, i wish you all the best my friends. i also wanted to say that nothing anyone will say or do will convince me otherwise i've literally tried for years now. i've packed my things, wrote a couple of letters to a few people who might be want to know why i did what i did etc. i've neatness up my room too and i'm prepared. i tried ending my life a couple of times but none of them worked, i either bailed out or on one occasion the rope snapped and i could bring myself to do it again, so this time i've decided that i'm just gunna jump into the canal so i will know there's no going back. i am much calmer now that i've accepted what i'm going to do to myself. i haven't been this calm in years in fact. anyways i genuinely appreciate you guys for trying to understand me. this is me over and out. goodbye	👋
there are so many things i hate about being mixed with blackwords can't describe how much i hate even being half black so much rage it's turned to a strange calm if you know what i mean.	🙃
thank you wanted to say thanks to those who took the time to comment on my posts but i've reached the end of the line. i was hoping by this stage in my life to be having a good job moved in to a apartment with a girlfriend being done with school and getting started with my life. i'm still at home with my parents, going for a second attempt at school and never had a girlfriend. i had the opportunity's to have the things i always wanted but i blew my chances. in the end it's my fault my life has come to this point, too late to fix the things i wanted and i don't see a future with happiness my journey ends here. thanks to everyone that listened i really did appreciate your comments	😁
i think the rain clouds are going away i had a very awkward conversation with my mom in which i came clean. i mentioned my suicidal thoughts and issues with self-esteem as well as the child abuse i've suffered. i went to see a psychiatrist and i have more appointments soon. i've been prescribed faverin and i'm feeling hopeful. if it weren't for my friends and close family i would've killed myself a very long time ago. maybe i can repay them later? i'll never leave this sub even if i finally become happy. no one deserves the rain clouds. if you are able to, please see a psychiatrist or therapist. no hesitation. peace y'all	✌️
so i don't know what to do... so late last night someone broke into my home, stole $2500 worth of shit and raped my mother and sisters (13 and 15) while i was tied up and forced to watch im so scared i haven't stopped crying please help!	😢
been thinking abt it latelyi've always been like. incredibly susceptible to suicidal thoughts and behaviors since like age 10 (no one ever did anything abt it bcus it was always read as attention seeking behaviors and my parents "refused to buy into it") and now i'm nearing 7 years with the hell that is major depressive disorder and it's. not getting better. at all. i am absolutely miserable beyond words even if my medications make me feel slightly better on a base level. i'm short as fuck (not even 5' and physically cannot grow anymore because apparently my dad didn't love me enough to give me good genes lmao), wet koala levels of ugly, horrendously overweight with a metabolism that makes it genuinely impossible to lose weight, and my health is getting worse and worse every day because my dumb ass doctors can't be bothered to figure out what's wrong with me beyond "well you outwardly look fine so just take some ibuprofen, eat your veggies, and exercise" (if they even looked @ my medical records they'd know i can't even have ibuprofen but whatever ) i really could keep going on and on about whats got me so down. but the point is i genuinely do not think i should be here anymore. at all. none of that "buhbuhbuh life gets better1!1!" bullshit because no, no it doesn't, not when you're like this. this body feels broken and malformed already and i supposedly haven't even "begun" living yet, whatever that means. and to top it all off i'm apparently autistic as well according to my mother, she just never bothered getting a formal diagnosis on me when my three year old self saw a counselor since she didnt want me to have an excuse for not doing as well as my neurotypical classmates. yeah. i really wish i was making that shit up. so all in all i'm basically a prototype of a functional adult that failed before it could ever really begin. i've been suicidal for so long i genuinely can't imagine going to college outside of idle fantasy and living past 20 is a complete fuckin nope. not sure when or how, but one day, it's gonna happen. i just know it. and it's all i really know i can look forward to these days. it's sad and over dramatic but like, whatever, you know. what else can you really do about it.	🙃
rest easy. earlier, there was a post with this girl in it that was being raped by her former "friend (s)". she hasn't been active since she had orally taken a couple pills, most likely causing an overdose.as someone who's been in a similar situation and knows how much shit like that hurts, it really hit me. just earlier i was talking to her while i was in my english class. :( rest easy. i didn't know anything about you at all, but this still hits me. if anyone knows any information on this, please notify me. other than that, rest easy soldier. i just hope you can really rest in peace. you will always be remembered by me.	💔
i wish to be at homemy eternal home. the home where i can be at rest forever. where i am no longer human and apart or eternity. to my home it may take me 50 more times to finally surpass this survival instinct but when i do, best believe i'll be more than happy to be with you forever. i know you wanted the best for me life and i understand that but when it's time just know that i'll be at peace . i want you to be happy life and even if this supposable heat death comes then you can join me. i'll always be with you life and in the end i'm sure you have went to billions of years of suffering . i want your suffering to end to. to my soul, my mind, my body, you rest well and to me, let it be and let death take care of you. trust it and be one with it. and last to my mom don't be sad whenever i depart from this world. you did the best you could and i love you pookie always and forever	❤️
guys, i really need help ..so please don't make fun of me, but i think i really need someone to help me with my feelings at the moment .. or else i'm really considering killing myself, and honestly that thought is crossing my mind everyday now, i'm so confused .. specially when there are a lot of people commiting suicide around me these days .. please help me .. don't make this hard on me more than it is ..	😞
i'm 17 going on 18. i used to be fat until i became bulimic and anorexic. lost 100, still feel fat tho. i just cut myself for the first time in years, tbh it felt great. i lost my job, might not be able to graduate due to my attendance and terrible grades and i fail at everythingggg. my family loves talking about my fails lol. i always said if i don't graduate hs i would kill myself and now i'm giving up early. i just would rather be dead than have to stay in this fucked up world. i'm worthless to society. i'm just a depressed stupid bitch so yeah i might kill myself this week but i'm still on the fence	🙄
pills dont work i've been mixing all my pills that i'm not suppose to mix because they have serious interactions the last 3 days and no matter how many i take i keep waking up the next day this includes a really potent blood pressure medicine i was prescribed for adhd that i dont have my anti depressant benzos and opiates i even drank a bottle of vodka one day before taking them and still keep waking up why cant suicide be easier i cant handle life anymore i'm just a pathetic shell of a person who cant take another year of this my next birthday will officially mean half my life i've been depressed and suicidal and 2018 was one of the worst years of my life i just cant do it anymore	😔
got a tattoo for my recent mental health relapse [here.](<url>) been dealing with depression for the better part of 20 years or so. i haven't had genuine suicidal thoughts in a few years, but came the closest i ever have to following through. it makes it so much more depressing; to think i was doing so well for so long, and i can still hit rock bottom the hardest i ever have. even though i didn't succeed, what'll happen down the road? will i eventually say fuck it to all the thoughts of "i don't want someone to find me like this or that" and just put a fucking gun in my mouth? anyway, i got this tattoo as a constant reminder to say "fuck suicide." it's only 3 days old and i still can't get out of this funk. sorry for venting	😔
i need help. i have plans for tomorrow so basically i'm not going to tell you my whole life story, rather i'm going to tell you what's happened the past month and what has led me to want to die: to sum it up, my girlfriend left me for another guy and rubbed it in my face, sent me photos of them together, after 4 days. i don't have many close friends, i have one close friend who is away right now and all my other friends i cannot talk about this or connect with that well. i used to make music, people said i had talent but i'm not going anywhere with it and i feel like a failure, i also got a lot of criticism at school for doing it, but i knew that would come. i like boxing but my girlfriend or my ex now, said that the boy she left me for trains there, i am still going but hate it now because of that reason. my ex told me i was a horrible boyfriend and that i was a horrible person, i never did anything that horrible other than not give her enough attention over social media, and i'll admit i wasn't the best boyfriend but when we where together, i was good to her, but she still told me that this new boy was so much better and i am just worthless. she also knows i'm suicidal but i had to block her on everything as she basically bullied me saying i was desperate and immature, she is a very toxic person, but i miss how she used to be, she turned on me and it breaks my heart. i now don't go to school, all i do is sit in my room and play video games now, i sometimes go out with friends and do various activities but my depression has taken over. last night i wrote my suicide note. i am on anti depressants and they are not helping, the police have been called on me by my mother multiple times as she knows i'm suicidal. i've failed all my exams and i have no life at the moment, girls don't like me, i feel alone. my plan for tomorrow is too take an opiate at a high dose and hang myself so that when i pass out from the opiates i will hang myself and die while unconscious. i will do it in the woods. nothing can stop me, i am worthless and i have no place being alive, my ex also talks to my friends and i feel like she's making them turn on me. i don't know what to do anymore. thanks for reading anyways	❤️
i am considering getting diagnosis, but i will be rejecting therapy.folks in the comments, calm down, let me have this first: i had been having a very long time being suicidal and cannot stop my violent reaction to things that comes out of the blue/cancelled plans by punching walls, cutting myself (formerly) and biting my arms. the bites are getting more and more frequent and violent,until yesterday i finally strucked a bite on the front of my left wrist which left violet dots of my sharp teeth, clearly visible. i finally knew i can't really hold anymore longer until i would rip a chunk of meat out of my arms. so i, with a withering hope for therapy (services here are wack and they call us teenage freaks for acting like that for "fame") am finally searching up for private institutions for diagnosis. by myself because my parents rejected my idea of being mentally ill. but if the results come back positive of a mental illness, i will be rejecting therapy for the time being. reasons? **1.** i will be taking my university entrance exam the following year. i cannot really spare time grinding for studies and doing therapy at the same time. i know i can only have 4 hours 44 minutes a day to sleep (i followed a sleep formula) and the rest is for eating, drawing for uni portfolio (and possibly commissions) and studying as majority. **2.**finance. i do have a studying fund raised by my grandmother and my mother but it's being drained out little by little by my father who is giving out loans to his relatives. when the loans will be paid, i am not sure and i don't guarantee or believe it will ever be paid back on time. at this point i can't really care less about family business, but for my own survival only, as my mother had already been sucked the hell out of her being every essence of strength and youth because of this marriage and her passion for the profession. **3.** i wanted to give self-therapy a try. if they are putting me into cbt (cognitive behavioral therapy) then *back to point 2* costly. i had done my own part of research on my own symptoms and theraupic exercises, thing is to keep uo with it... so, that's it folks, any better suggestions?	🤔
kind of thinking it might be timelost my job of 17 years today. i hate this time of year. the benzos and antidepressants aren't helping anymore i'm sick of the rollercoaster of numbness and pain. i contribute nothing to the world. i can't figure out why not to do it besides fear of dying period. i guess that's a good fear but i don't think it's going to be enough for much longer. i don't know why i'm posting besides maybe to have someone talk me out of doing something stupid. guess that means i'm not legit suicidal, yet.. blah	😞
i don't really know what it is hello i'm rosie and i'm 14 on the 20th and for a while now like a few months i've just not been feeling right. my life is basically perfect my parents aren't abusive i have a nice life at school i have pets i get monthly pocket money and i love my life but i just feel like there's just not much to it anymore. i'm in year 9 now and i'm beginning my gcse's but i haven't been doing well in classes which i usually do but i'm not so bothered about that. i have great friends too. i just don't really want to be here. my confidence is going down and for some reason i just feel like everybody hates me. i don't know how many times i've been reassured that i do t but i just feel like everybody hates me. i just want to sleep and eat and listen to music because that's my happiness. i want to be a broadway actress and yeah i know strive to be who you want to be and what you want to do and i'm trying but i can't help but think that it's too much for me. my voice is bad it's high pitched and i don't like it. people say it's adorable and crap but i hate it. i just don't feel good about anything anymore and i just don't t know? i haven't told anybody, not even my parents. i just don't feel comfortable about it so i suppose i'll tell strangers about it heh. i don't know if it's depression. hopefully not. thanks.	❤️
it's been lovely tonight is my night and i'm so eager and nervous, it's the anniversary of my moms suicide so it's the perfect time. i'll finally get to be with her again. and with all the different down votes i get on this sub i know none of you care either. i just wanted to say bye since i've been lurking and posting for a bit. good luck everyone and peace out	✌️
i love you i love helping people, even tho i'm insanely depressed myself. pm me so we can talk	❤️
so tiredi am only holding on for my four year old daughter. there are no other reasons. i feel completely empty. i just don't want to exist anymore. i know she isn't better off with out me but those thoughts have started to creep in. i keep asking myself if she would be better off without me. better off without me and my mental illnesses. better off without me being unable to take care of myself. i'm sick of feeling this empty. i just want to end it. merry fucking christmas...	😔
i love you so much. we had plans to get married	😭
i don't want to die i love life. waking up refreshed, doing something selfless and nice, being appreciated and feeling good about yourself. i want to live but the pain's too much sometimes. i'm trash and i don't deserve life. one day i could love someone. maybe a girl or another guy. maybe they're people or intelligent robots, idk. i just have so much love to give but i don't know how to give it and who to give it to. i want people to feel good but it's hard for me to show affection. it hurts knowing people love you only because they're blind or feel morally obligated to. i want to earn love. that's all i want :/ everyone who reads through the posts here and tries to help others, i love y'all. i really do, but i don't know how long i'm staying on this earth for. this probably won't be my last post but i just wanted to ramble some nonsense before i cry myself to sleep. i hope you all find happiness. peace	✌️
11 days to freedomstarting to clean up the house. tomorrow i sell some thing's and give away the rest. for the first time in years i feel free i'm excited. january 13 2019.	✌️
will my mum be able to get over losing me im on holiday with my mum and even though i know she's saved for a long time to be afford this to try and help "cheer me up" and i'm enjoying the trip, i still find myself laying in bed at 6 in the morning wondering if it'd make me an even shittier person than i already am if i just opened the window and ended it right now. the only reason i haven't already (successfully) killed myself is because i don't want to hurt her, but the more i think about it the more i'm convinced the kindest thing to do is to end it now, i'm 100% my life will end by my own hand and the longer i draw it out the harder it will be for her when i'm gone. i'm leaning out of the window and it's taking all my willpower to resist just bitting the bullet and jumping, the adrenaline rush i'm getting from staring at this drop is the most alive i've ever felt how fucked is that . she'll be ok when i'm gone right? it's not like i'm anything more than a burden to her, she works so hard to make me happy and i just throw everything back in her face. once i'm gone she'll be able to actually live her life, instead of wasting it on me. i'm sorry this post probably hasn't made much sense and i'm not really sure why i'm even posting this but fuck it	😂
i've done something so terrible...my parents died young, my father abused me and killed himself and i heavily smoked weed and cigs for a decade on a poor diet for 8 years. my current self can't believe how i was living. it was complete self-destruction. i never invested in myself until i broke up with my ex 1.5 years ago. i should have done everything differently in hindsight. after quitting smoking and becoming extremely healthy with a beach body and so on i looked back at my past and became convinced i'm going to die soon of cancer or something else. i got extreme stress. that stress led to even more depression and anxiety. combined with my self-hatred i turned into a suicidal mess and started to become crazy. i contacted my ex to tell her i miss her, she wrote a message back about how she has improved a lot, i was the worst dumper ever and it's over and she blocked me. in some random impulse i made a new account and gave off an extremely suicidal vibe. i said 'fuck improving' and she became angry at that. i started crying about how i'm going to die and how i've ruined everything. she kept blocking me and to continue talking i kept making new accounts. it's on instagram and i just did it all the time because it takes like 3 seconds and i wanted to continue the conversation while my ex wanted to end it. didn't even realize i was being annoying or being wrong. i didn't defend myself at all. i just hated on myself while my ex joined the party and had zero compassion while i was used to her being this 8 year older motherly figure who always supported me. it was extremely unhealthy for me. in the end she was obviously fed up with me and told me 'you didn't change a bit and only went backwards'. i made one more account saying 'but i did change...' without elaborating though... and that's when she exploded. she wrote such a harsh message aimed at destroying my psyche that i completely lost it for like 5 months now. her words kept repeating in my head all the time because i already hate myself so much and suffer from rumination. for example she said 'you'll never learn how to live your life' and that became stuck in my head as a negative mantra completely wrecking my mental health. she also told me she would never reply again. because of her message i was feeling like 'you're a loser and no matter what you try, you'll always remain a loser, you're so inferior to everyone else and you will never amount to anything, just give up and kill yourself'... that's just so bad for someone in my situation and i really wanted her validation. i was just so frustrated at myself and her!! i didn't even tell her the full story about all the positive changes i've made and why is she so angry at me? i broke up with her because she was wasting her time on me! it wasn't meant as an attempt to get her back! and i fucking changed so much! so for months i just kept spamming her. mostly begging her to talk it out, explaining myself, but also insulting her back. i would constantly write messages and delete them again because the insults were repeating in my head at an unbearable rate and i wanted the pain to stop at all costs. it was maddening. it was the worst form of torture anyone can experience to hear that shit repeat in your head 24/7. all my self-esteem and self-respect forever gone because of her words. she never replied to my begging and got rid of her instagram in the end it went wayyyyyyyyyyy too far what i did. i didn't stop for more than 4 months. my emotions have finally calmed down and now i'm moving from living in pure agony towards being a mature adult again, but i'm still thinking about this all the time. i feel such intense guilt towards my ex for getting her involved in my poor mental health. it's extremely frustrating and it feels like this has ruined my life beyond repair. i'm also terribly afraid of the legal consequences. hopefully my ex is just glad that i've stopped contacting her for a month now because it's fucking illegal what i did. she lives on the other side of the world though... i do know that if this leaks out and the whole world knows it, i'd want to kill myself out of embarrassment and guilt. i'm so scared that this will bite me in the ass 10 years from now too... i'm very worried that my ex is so angry at me that she'll use it to destroy my life... what have i done?! i'm having therapy to work on this, but it's so expensive so i can only go once per month :(... i'm so fucked. my random impulsive actions trying to talk with my ex and not respecting her 'no' at my lowest point have backfired so severly. her words have completely destroyed me and by harassing her via text messages i've made the situation so much worse... how could this have happened... it was like everything collided to create this situation... i feel so bad about myself... what have i done... why, why, why, why...	😓
considering suicidehello i'm a 17 year old girl and i feel like its time to end my life, i've been depressed since the age of 10, i've seen physiologists and doctors was diagnosed with adhd and severe anxiety, they never helped i'm currently on anti depressants, i don't want to be here anymore i'm not happy i've not been happy for years same old sadness and loosing the will to live, i have no reason to be here anymore, i'm only trying to survive because of my cats and kinda my mom to but she has my brother our relationship is complicated she has bipolar and i feel like my problems is just a burden for her, i'm not scared anymore i used to be, i saw a text accidentally on my moms phone earlier that's triggered me to want to do it now. i can't cope anymore i have nothing to live for i just want to be with my grandad and my first cat who passed away in august. any advice please? i'm at breaking point. :( i'm too afraid of hanging, so it'd be overdose	😭
set a date i set a suicide date which is coming up pretty soon. i decided to do everything to fight it. i quit drinking. trying to improve myself, etc. everything i do falls through. i look back on my entire life...and everything i do, everything i try, no matter how much i give....never works! people leave me, they bully me when i need them, i even committed suicide 2 years ago and instead of support everyone in my life bullied me and tried to sabotage me to make themselves feel better about it. i'm a victim of countless sexual assaults and outlandish bad luck. i'm running out of money and was supposed to sign paperwork for a new job. i got the call that an offer was on the table on thursday. i finally got ahold of the hr director today at 4pm to ask when i could sign the paperwork (training started today and i had been told we should get it processed so i wouldn't have to wait a few more weeks to start). she said she wasn't still sure that i was hired and she'd need a few days to discuss the details with the floor manager? she also said that she never said that i'd make it to the orientation in time and that she told me that (she never did!? the floor manager told me that and she said nothing either way). i've had trouble keeping a job because outlandish things happen. i've been waiting on a contract that paid well before this, the recruiter started ghosting me. i talked to his boss about it and he never called me back about it? and he keeps going on vacation. the job before that i was fired after i was assaulted and i pointed out that the staff below me weren't rounding (which is illegal) and i was fired (which took them a month to produce the paperwork). my friend that worked there was also fired and they accused her of raping a patient (she's male to female trans). i'm trans as well i just haven't transitioned. i have a history of severe childhood abuse and do my best every day to make the world a better place so what happened to me doesn't happen to anyone else and....i just feel like i'm fighting an uphill battle. screaming at others in a language they don't understand. it literally seems like suicide is the only option :/ i do everything i can to be a good person and make a difference and it never works i just don't think i belong on this planet. i don't "get it". i don't like to hurt and try to do the right thing so people think i'm weak i guess? or too damaged because of my past? i always lose. i'm completely alone	😞
goodbye, hopefully sooner than lateri am quite tired of being alive. i know that no one has the choice to be born or not. call it petty, but i'm still salty that i didn't get to opt out. all i ever do is fail.. at everything. i've destroyed and continue to destroy all the opportunities and blessings given to me. i do not properly deal with what i absolutely must (school work & finance). this is because of horrible self-discipline and poor habits developed over years. it is such a problem that i need not be alive any further to continue to waste and make more mistakes. with all due respect, spare the world and let me die already god. i am working up to ending my life myself. hopefully i will succeed at that one thing. i apologise to my professors. i have displayed much unintentional disrespect by failing to do or complete their assignments. i want to thank them for any effort put forth to help me. i am so sorry for wasting their time. again, i meant absolutely no disrespect. i simply am a failure at school, life, and everything in between. and as much as i want not to, i still continue to fail. i am sorry to my mother for being a failure of a son. i sincerely wish i could have been a son she would have been proud of . i want to thank my mom for loving me, my boss for sharing my love of aviation and my academic advisor for helping me inspite of my failures. god bless my family, friends, coworkers, boss, professors and classmates. to those individuals do me a favour, please live long in peace and prosper. i love you mom.	😭
to be happy again i just have to remove the biggest problem in my lifeme of course! hope i'm dead by this time next year	😊
ugh. i hate life, like what are you supposed to do with it. you can do anything but it doesn't make you happy. cruel world. and what's next you have to make choices for yourself and likely why. what's the purpose? there's no point? why can't i just end it all now?	😭
if you think your crazy or a psycho hmuanyone here who thinks they're crazy, psychotic, or is suicidal hmu so we can chat. fuck everyone who doesn't understand you or me. fuck them in the ass if they don't understand .	😂
death of a sibling. i lost my sister last october she was 32, she had diabetes since she was 14, the last years of her life she was on dialysis and was blind. we lost our mom when i was 15 she was also 14. right now i'm 34. also my sister's birthday was in january she would've been 33, i feel so bad it feels so wrong and unfair that she died so young her life was cut short, like i'm supposed to grow old with her were sister's life just feels weird nowadays, i try my hardest my best to move on to be happy i got a house in february which is great news, but i wish i could just call her talk to her again i talked to her the night before she passed, and right now my eyes are watery, i miss her voice i miss her. i'd be lying if i said i haven't felt suicidal, and thought about being with her and my mom. though i know she wouldn't want that for me she wouldn't want me to kill myself. no matter how bad i feel both physically and mentally i have to live for her. just when my time comes i hope i get to see her again and my other loved ones who have passed. and wherever she is i hope she's in peace no pain and can see again. take it day by day giving up isn't the way.	😭
you've made it through another week. that's something to be proud of.things are gonna be alright	❤️
i was on a pretty happy bender the past few months but i'm really decling and i just feel so empty	😞
2 and a half years with an undiagnosed illness. [deleted]	😊
if anyone is lonely, i can be your girlfriend yeah, seriously	❤️
the ultimate fuck-up i wrote all my suicide notes, addressed to certain people, and i finished writing my reasons, i then proceeded to rip the page out, and it ripped through the whole bloody note . just thought i'd share.	😂
why am i here?seriously, life is meaningless, why am i even here talking about this shit? people ask you not to kill yourself for them or others, how fucking selfish....death will bring me more peace than you ever fucking did....fuck life...and hail death	🖤
i should be dead by now but life some how manages to fuck that up for me too lol. i've been craving some good chinese food before i kill myself today, went to my favorite place and it just happens that of all days, today is the day they're doing a "deep clean" in the kitchen so i couldn't order what i wanted. whatever fuck it, it was just another slap in my already bruised face. i started making my way to the destination where it was going to finally end, i planned the perfect spot for week and what'd you know, roads fucking closed for construction lol... i was trying to be considerate and not leave with a bad image for everyone, but fuck it, firearm it is.	✌️
is it ok to ring samaritans this time of year?i really want to speak to someone in person. i've had people from here reach out which i greatly appreciate but i hope it's not ungrateful to say it's not the same as actually talking to someone. i want to be able to say what i need to say and hear what they have to say back if anything, which seems unlikely. but i'm worried about ringing this time of year, it seems really inconsiderate. i had a really bad time on christmas, i was down by the river bawling for hours and seriously debated jumping in, and i wanted to talk to someone then but i was able to stop myself because like, taking up someone's christmas is definitely too far. but it's not technically a holiday today, but it is between two, so i'm not sure if calling for help would still be taking up time someone could be using in better ways. also this is my third post on here in like a week, i'm sorry.	😅
having nobody to talk to is making me go crazyi feel like when i have someone i can talk to about my fucked up head everything is a lot easier to bare... but right now i have nobody and i'm struggling so bad	😔
anybody here wants talk with me?	🤔
i want to kill myself.	😔
tinnitus is testing mehonestly...fuck this. i'm a 21 year old tortured male with several severe mental and physical health conditions that make my life a waking nightmare. i will decline to elaborate here on my conditions and broken life because it's too much personal information. it will suffice to say it's more than bad: others would have killed themselves in my place years ago. i've suffered enough to the point where acquiring tinnitus is pushing me over the edge. i don't have the means to end it anymore but i wish i had a way out. i don't want to suffer anymore. i aborted a suicide attempt a few months ago and i'm already regretting being condemned to an existence where i no longer enjoy life or have the opportunity to create a decent one. tinnitus took my silence, pieces of my sanity, and my last shreds of a will to live. i just want it to stop.	😭
running out of reasons hi. first off i'd like to say i don't plan to ever go through with suicide (although i have a plan) and if i do deteriorate to that point i'll at least try to get help first before the end. that being said, ever since trying lsd two weeks ago, my borderline fascination with suicidal inclinations has manifested itself into full blown suicidal thoughts. usually i can push the thoughts to the back of my mind but now i'm starting to have trouble doing so, and i find i'm more occupied with imagining how far reaching the ripples of my untimely death would travel. i moved away from home 3 months ago and i'm currently back visiting. i'm wondering what for though? i'm sad here with nothing to do and broke. i can go home but then i'll be sad and broke as well as lonely with nothing to do. i know why i came home but i'm just gonna leave them and go back home tomorrow. my family and friends and everybody/everything i've ever known will continue to exist here. i could cut contact from everybody and noone would know if i were to pass if i wanted to do so. not that i do feel that way currently. 99% of the time i'm positive as can be, the epitome of a portable party, but i'm starting to see the futility in everything. i see some people who are broke as fuck and in horrible positions but they either give up, or the people around them lift them up. i've seen complete strangers on the internet take people up just to remind them that there are people who care. buying people flights, offering a couch to stay on. i've seen the good in society, and i'm not asking for freebies or pity, but why does the good luck never come my way? i do the right thing, i go to church, i don't drink, i give money to the homeless but nothing feels fulfilling anymore. my love life is in the dumps, my sex life is essentially negative (one girl in the last 3 years, and she came onto me ). i just want that feeling of overbearing positivity again. i had an unflappable attitude before my mini-crisis. maybe coming home made me insecure by realizing i'm not under my parents roof anymore, maybe i have blue balls as fuck, maybe i'm suffering from post drug-use paranoia. whatever it is it's eating me alive and i feel like i'm alone and i feel like i have nobody to talk to but at the same time i don't want to talk about it. i need help as much as i need to be alone with my thoughts. i need to force positive thinking as much as i need to find my true greater purpose. but above all, i just need somebody to listen. so thank you if you took the time to read this rant, i'm sorry if it's been posted in the wrong place	😔
i dont want to live as a weird social outcast treated as a freak by everyone. i'm trans. i'm ugly. i'll never pass... what has life got to offer me fr? i'll never get a bf, and everyone from my evangelical family will hate me. my parents want me to kill myself. why else would they have pushed me back into the closet at 13 and allow testosterone to turn me into a man. i just want to fucking get hooked on heroine and die.	😢
my suicide notei can't do it...i love all of you who are going through this too, and i want to say i'm sorry for giving up. you're strong...remember that. thank you everyone who has helped me on this sub reddit and i'm truly grateful for all your support, but it's my time to go...i don't want to ramble abt a bunch of shit that is happening even though it's my last note. so, i guess i'll leave it at that...i'm so so so sorry	😭
are there any middle age, non ssi/ssdi people here? the only ones who respond dont read my post & promote govt handouts. over age 48 u.s.a. why do people respond with "affordable housing" suggestions when that has a general annual income cap of $22,000 per person per year? $10.50/hr i'm not interacting with anyone in my situation, age group, education level or demographic. it is mostly young people who don't read my posting spamming things. i really have been blacklisted. i'm not a criminal, no mental illness, no addictions. people at my age and edu level have gorgeous homes, high incomes, spouses and families. i was raised upper-middle class by a parent who was a doctor, controlling and a pillar in the community. republican, ultra conservative. i'm pro choice, atheist, progressive. i've been blocked from working, blacklisted from corp, reduced to nothing. my savings are going down fast. i have the tools & plans to suicide and i can return to my destination to complete it. reaching out on this forum has resulted in circular conversations about: 1) take any low wage job, demand that i be hired on the spot 2) ignore my budget, pretend bills dont exist! no one will show me debt/income and how a low wage job covers housing, healthcare, a garnishment, car 3) time line to retirement. we have to ignore that too. day to day and no planning. the ppl offering advice dont ask what i've researched. many are gainfully employed or on ssi/ssdi i want to hear from the gainfully employed people who can show me how to live and pay my bills on the "just get any job' $15-$20/hr while convincing an employer to hire me while i keep looking. like i did all of this for 3 yrs and the jobs i applied to asked me why i was wanting to leave the low wage jobs i had in the first place? it isnt easier to get a new, suitable job if you have a gas money low wage job. it saps your energy, wears you down, keeps you in debt. employers want winners, not losers in my situation. our world is corrupt, values youth and will not allow me to work again. women my age are coasting to retirement i cant rebuild 30 yrs in 10. ss $1200-$1400/month on avg doesnt cover housing, and transportation and fed student loan in retirement. it covers medicare and medical expenses. i cant live like this anymore, i'm tired. i have no supports. and no one who truly gets it.	🤔
oofi'm back to no one just as quick as i got them back it's a vicious cycle i'm getting very tired of and i really don't know what to do anymore	🙃
why am i always loosing iti hate the fact that i've been suicidal most of my teen years. i hate the fact that i still am. why am i so sure that i will succeed one day. i find myself every month trying to commit. i can't do this any longer. maybe this night will be my last	❤️
im struggling - im sorryi don't know what to do. i feel so numb i feel so empty i don't know what to do. i don't want to be this miserable anymore. i've got so many promises with people, i don't want to let people down but i know i will	😭
guys im ending it tomorrow if no one shows up im so fucki. depressed and i have no idea why im fuckinng sobbing writinn this what the fuck is wrong with me i havent cried about my feeligs in a long time and i cant stop fucking crying. i invited my "friends" oveer tmrw to hang out and if no one shows up im endig it all and peacing he fuck out of this world	✌️
imma be real y'all don't know me but rarely do i ever get depressed or anything. i always had a strong mental ever since... now that all went down the drain. i used to feel like this 2-3 years ago but its gotten worse, i used to have thoughts n all but i'd never do anything harmful just the thought. i jss need some help atm bro ion love feelin this typa pain :(	💔
years with no gf, how much can you take anymore?! i barely remember the last time i kissed, held hands with someome who loves me, why? just because i am not an arrogant douchebag who smokes and cusses all the time? its not that im ugly or i cant speak to them but the fucking depression and my finances would make invisible to women, and my country sucks so bad in that regard i feel like dying already...	😞
my anxiety is only increasing, im pretty much dead on the inside as the yrs go by, my fear has grown into a huge issue. i am so scared of opinions that they drag me on a leash, dress me up, and tell me what to say. the pain honestly makes me want to throw up, but my belly is feeling perfectly fine. my mind being dragged by the 1000 pound stone called my thoughts. i can't breathe, saliva buulds up, can barely speak up. but nobody knows. having anxiety means that telling ppl will give you more anxiety. i feel i am just one more unhappy day from death. i have felt like this since 2016, and have submerged myself into the deepest, darkest place of pain. no hope, not even sucsess can take away the pain. i will wake up tomorrow, and dread the fire in my classmates eyes. to them however, im prolly a chimd minding my own business. but i am really screaming, with the only pain reliever i use to cope with my binding fear being the "it gets better" quote. which i don't believe anymore. i can't speak about it. my family may either watch me like i am a ticking time bomb or make jokes about it. my friends may not understand. they think i'm funny, but i'm rly just a walking corpse, waiting for my lungs to catch up with my heart. i honestly romanticize suicide. it takes away ppl's pain. people look down on you when they see you, but trust me, they'll love you and miss you when they are burying you. funerals are now what i want to obtain the most atm. poor family, they're religious selves think suicide equals hellfire. but i feel like i'm in hell, and one more day is a step further in the lake of fire. :(	🖤
why does everyone abandon me? i'm nearly 22, i used to have so many friends in school and we all live in the same area so we used to hang out nearly every day, now i've been completely excluded from my 'friends'. i see them having a great time on social media without inviting me. it's gone on for a few years now and i'm still not over it and i don't think i ever will be. if you knew me personally you would know that i always try to be nice to people and don't do confrontation. i don't even smoke or do drugs i asked my ex bestfriend why everyone hates me and she said that they don't 'hate' but dislike because apparently i play dumb and i fake my accent trying to sound american like wtf! they know that i have a brain disease (that kills brain cells) that my dad passed away from when i was 13 called 'huntinton's disease' that's another reason why i'm suicidal but this is not what this post is about but i'm not going to be able to walk, talk , eat, function properly and my symptoms are going to start in just over 8 years - so obviously i'm not smart-my brain cells are litrally dying! but for them to think i'm faking really hurts and to be excluded for it? and it really pissed me off about my accent because it's the way i talk i can't help it! i don't even think i sound american. i told my ex bestfriend that i felt like jumping off a bridge and she told me that i was being dramatic. - great friend i had. also i can't stand being dumb because it's stopped me from getting a job- i always get fired. never good enough, it really gets to me. my first and only ever true love that i'm still madly in love with we started dating when we were 13/14? and were together for 6 years and he left me for someone he met at the nightclub...and now he has a baby and they are engaged. he was my first and only everything and i always thought we would make it through whatever. i tried getting over him by dating but a guy led me on told me he liked me constant kissing me, inviting me over to his house completely leading me on and saying he doesn't want a relationship in general. now he has a girlfriend... i dated some one else for a few months who also left me for someone else. i'm so lonely why does everyone abandon me? i can't stop myself from crying everynight. i feel so shit about myself i hate the way i look and i'm fat and i'm going to die alone i have nothing to live for. it's making me isolate myself even more i'm counting down the days until i can kill myself.	😔
i can't take the pain anymore.i'm sick of this. life is a joke. i'm planning on killing myself soon. don't know when because i am afraid to die but i can't take all of the stress and pain anymore. i always dreamed of myself dying in my sleep and flying into outer space exploring other planets and all of my pain that i'm going through will be lifted of my head. and if i do die hopefully that will happen. i just want to be happy. and if i already killed myself and you are seeing this these are my last words. goodbye. hopefully i will be happy. hopefully i will get my dream that i always wanted. hopefully i can create my own world and have people love me. and the person that i have been known on the internet for (power_wind17) will be the end. this will most likely be my last post then i will disappear. like no one ever cared about me. sucks that this had to happen so soon. goodbye.	👋
wasting my life being a clutterbug. can't find something im good at that people and opposite sex is attracted to. feeling like a failure just sitting on my phone all day everyday, wasting my time with shit and have a few friends that it's too embarrassing to talk to. plus, the women thing is so upsetting for me which is wack. just feeling kinda like a stupid nice guy.	😞
my favourite place i love you guys and girls p.s. i am not a troll or something like that.	❤️
i'm done i've just given up. i'm constantly being bombarded by ocd thoughts about developing schizophrenia. i can't function like this anymore. this will be my last reddit post. i can't go on like this. all my dreams of being happy and successful in the past year have been dashed by the thought of developing schizophrenia. its over. thank you to everyone who's helped make this life manageable. peace out	✌️
awwww shiiiiiit here we go again 🏽	👍
feeling shitty i know reddit is probably not the best place to be putting this but what the hey. i'm 18, transitioning and have a lot of problems. my mom passed 2 years ago and ever since feelings of guilt and sorrow won't leave my head. my transition is also starting to take affect on me. i've always been cool with people not using "he" and such if they don't want to, but it's starting to get to me. just my whole self is starting to get to me. i've been feeling worse and worse over the years to the point of hospitalization a couple times. i have a counselor, but i'm still stuck. hoping people who have my experience or something else like it could help	😔
it'd make her happy... i hate my mom. she's a narcissist and puts her loser drunk, cocaine user bf above all of us in the family. she was in the hospital yesterday after a severe panic attack from the d-bags at her job and, her asshole bf kept calling her phone. i told him to stop and, i said some stupid fuck like him didn't deserve to know anything about her. today, he's having a fucking hissy fit because someone 30 some years younger than him (me) cussed at his ass y'know, cuz that would soooooooo be bothering an old drunkard drug user. my grandma was tryna get me to lie but, my mom puts that fuck above us all, so it wouldn't have done any good. i said i didn't say 'fuck you" but, i did call him a stupid fuck (which is true). and proceed to my mom: omg you hurt his feelings. and crying how i should respect this creep who looks like he's not allowed within 20 feet of a school... she'd be happy if i were dead. i know it'd break my grandparents hearts, though. she only helps me with my bad health b/c her parents, my grandparents tell her to. she heard me talking to my grandma about this and went off: how she loves me. i'll never believe those words out of her mouth. again, i wanna die but, i can't if only for my grandparents and then again, i do have a pretty great boyfriend. but, idk how much longer i can force myself to hang on.	🙄
i'm done me killing myself is the only way out	😭
how do you get help when you don't even know how to talk about your feelings anymore? what if you know it won't matter to talk about them either way because you know they won't change. because the thing that would make you feel happiness again is impossible? what if the thing causing it is grief, but for a person who's still alive? so there's not really anything to make peace with, just a big hole in your life? edit: asking for a friend	😕
