announcing my plans to ebay flip i made a mistake because i need money and am strapped for cash. i found a sound module on ebay for half the price it usually goes for so i bought it and am waiting to ship. and i don't know how or why i thought it was a good idea (probably because i'm autistic), but i ended up telling people in a discord group i was in that i was gonna ebay flip, and someone told me it was incredibly despicable and disgusting. i immediately felt bad, but i decided not to retaliate, so i just simply replied with " " and left. now i'm incredibly hurt and i hate both people and myself. how could i think this was a good idea. how could i think it was a good idea to tell people. why must i be like this. and why must everyone assume that my intentions are nefarious. i don't allow myself to feel hate or disdain directly towards the people who told me that's disgusting, and they're probably right and i'm in the wrong for trying to earn some extra money. i hate this world. i hate people. i hate myself. people are fucking cunts, nothing more, nothing less. and i'm someone who can't understand other people. i feel like yeeting myself off the goddamn columbia tower. no seriously.	7
f - i really need someone to talk to i'd feel more comfortable if you'd dm me and if you were also female i guess i'm looking for advice? idk exactly what i'm looking for, maybe a therapist i'll explain more in the dm	9
i'm really struggling but everyone believes i'm the happiest i've ever been. title says it all really... i knew third year would be stressful but coincidentally ive become so good at pretending to be fine that im able to convince myself i'm not stressed and it's only now i'm sat here by myself i can accept that i'm really struggling. it's not even the workload, i don't even think it's university that i'm struggling with. i don't know what it is, but i'm so stressed and anxious, i'm constantly keeping up a front to the entire family and my friends that i'm always ok, always laughing and always smiling. all i want is to spread happiness to the people i'm around, i try to be as selfless as possible. doing things for other people, seeing them smile makes me feel happier than anything else i can do. my housemate is my best friend, like honestly he's a legend i really don't know what i'd do without him so i do talk to him. but at the same time when i have the chance to be by myself which for today is basically the first time in 3 months, i feel so alone and empty inside. i had really bad psoriasis during my last year of sixth form which made it really hard but i managed to deal with it and keep it under control to the extent it basically went away for a couple of years. the problem is now something i'm doing is causing it to flair up again. leading to the fact i can tell it's going to get really bad. its coming up on my face even faster than last time and when it gets to that stage i really don't think i'm going to be able to cope. i can cover every other part of my body up and to be honest i'm not even that fussed about how bad it gets on my arms and legs and stomach and back and feet... i can deal with that people seeing it there, it doesn't even bother me that much... but i don't know why when it comes up on my face i just feel defeated. when someone asks me what's wrong with your arms it's easy to say oh it's just psoriasis, but when someone says to you, what is wrong with your face, it literally made me want to die while i was in sixth form and after everything that's happened these last few months as great as things have been, i just don't know what i'm gonna do the next time someone undoubtedly asks me that question. i don't have the energy for it anymore, people say when you get knocked down you should get back up and keep going, but once you've been knocked down so repetivitely in such a short space of time, i'm just running out of steam. i'm a 22 year old guy, who somehow is able to convince everyone around me that life is incredible and worth living, yet here i am, sat on my phone, crying because really all i'm good at is lying to everyone around me and myself. there are points when i think to myself, im never gonna reach old age because the only reason i didn't drive into that lake is because i know how much damage it would do to my family. i think i just want a fresh start, like a new beginning in another country but again, i could never leave my family, it would break my parents' hearts. i don't even know where i'm going with this. it's the first time i've written this down properly and crying about it's actually made me feel a bit better so yeah thanks for reading, i haven't included a lot of details otherwise i could sit here writing this all night and i still also don't know what i'm going to do to improve my current situation, but i guess it comes down to adapt or die and adapting sounds better for the time being. peace, love and harmony	3
any tips for working out? i'm 16, 6 ft, 275ish pounds. i'm looking for good workouts, thought this might be an okay place to post. obligatory "i'm horny ".	15
tfw u get a free car someone backed in to my moms car in a parking lot doing $5000 worth of damage. her insurance is gonna give her a $5000 cheque to fix the car but she's just gonna use it as a down payment on a new car instead so we're gonna have 3 cars now and i get to have the oldest car when i get my license. it's an old 2001 honda civic but it's a free car so no way i'm complaining.	0
what if we overthrow the mods together? jk .......unless?	5
i met the sweetest cinnamon sugar faced chocolate lab and even though he is getting put down on friday, i got to make this old man tacos twice. i work at a dog friendly bar in southern california and two of my regulars brought this beast of a choc lab in. his name is sisco. he is completely deaf and half blind. he is 17 years old. and i had to run around with the tray near yhe ground she he would smell it. he weighed 105 lbs. my lab is a fat lab and he's only 90 lbs lol. his mama and daddy said at his prime when he was being bred, he was 140 lbs. crazy, right? when they were ready to leave, cisco could barely get up. he needed his hips hoisted up. i saw the want in his eyes. the desire to get up but couldn't. and we all kind of shed a tear knowing that's why they were putting him down on friday. i didn't do much, but i did give him like double the meat in his tacos.	1
i've got nothing to lose, sorry if this is a bit inappropriate but... looking for a girl to h*ld h*ands with i'm sorry if i offended you, i know this is a bit much	5
good morning the day is starting beautiful. the sun is shining and i've slept well. i'm doing really good how are u guys??	0
i want heelies can someone buy them for me	4
i just noticed side cut bangs have gone out of style for the majority of women and girls now i mostly see straight cut bangs or their hair parted mostly. or maybe i just don't go outside enough to actually observe? i still have my bangs like this and my speculation would be because the elaborate 'instagram' style shows off all the makeup on their face like the kardashians and kylie jenner do! anyone else also notice this? lol	10
i(22m) fell in love with a girl(f23) and completely turned my life around i(22) fell in love with a girl(23) i became friends with and completely turned my life around. i met this girl working at a restaurant, she was a waitress and i was a line cook. i remember the first day i ever saw her, i thuoght she was the most beautiful, elegant girl i had ever seen and i also thuoght she had an amazing butt. she worked a couple days before i finally introduced myself, we exchanged greetings and as i hear her say her name i realized that she had a beautiful voice. as a musician i've heard alot of people sing, sing beautiful enuogh to give you goosbumps, but something about her voice just made my heart feel warm. a couple days went by and we didn't really speak much, since i didn't want to be too pushy with my curiousity as we had just met, but that day her pants where looking just right. that booty was looking something fierce in those jeans and without hesitation the stupidest thing i could have possibly said came to my mind and slipped out my damn mouth like trying to catch a bar of soap in the shower. i walked up to her, she saw me coming, she looked up straight at my face, i looked her dead in the eyes and asked her,"do you work out or is it the fashion nova pants, because damn they look hella good on you!?". now at the moment i didn't realize how that came out but thank i thank god to this day that it didn't come out any other way. anyways, apparently this was a good enuogh compliment to break the ice and finally start getting to know her better. i asked her to hang out and we went to the drive in theatre for our first time hanging out, we hit it off and it went really well. we paid for our movie and we ended up staying for two movies since we where having a good time chatting and munching out. the next few weeks we started hanging out once or twice a week, and we started working out together and trying to be productive with our time since we had relatively tight work schedules. we went hiking and exploring together, we would go explore random holes in the wall hoping to find a new strain of mexican burritos. this was the first i ever got to feel a genuine friendship with a female without the sexual temptations interfering. i genuinely enjoyed my time with her and felt no need to rush to get into her pants. this girl was different from any other girls i had met, she was the type of girl who has important values and morals. she was the type of girl that i was able to respect because she respected herself. she respected her body, her mental and physical health, and her work. she was an admirable human being and very great influence in my life. she was perfect, i began to catch feelings for her and i felt like i had found a woman who not only was incredibly beautiful on the outside, but she was one of the most beautiful human beings i had ever met on the inside. a few months went by and our work schedules changed so we decreased our hangouts to once a week or whenever we had time since we both worked two jobs. we remained friends and continued our plutonic friendship. at the time i was still an immature person that liked to waste my time drinking and smoking and partying alittle too much with my friends. i had a list of really bad habits, i smoked ciggarretes weed, i drank a ridiculous amount of alcohol when partying. now i never invited her to any of these drinking events but word started to get around that i was pretty much a dude who was up to no good. i had also made the terrible mistake of hooking up with a co-worker at our restaurant before i met and started hanging out with this girl and this co-worker had unfortunately cuaght feelings for me and pretty much i became the center for drama because my dumbass naive brain was ignorant to the consequences of dramatic women. well this girl, a brave and straight forward woman confronted me and told me how she felt and what was going on, she let me know that she wasn't about the whole drama thing and she was always careful about the people she chose to hang out with and that she had made an exception by hanging out with me because she liked me, she also told me straight up that my bad habits where a real big turnoff for her and i needed to grow up because this whole situation was immature. i reciprocated by telling her that i also liked her and i that i really wasnt trying to cause a commotion of any kind, i sincerely enjoyed being around her and i wouldnt have to lose what we had going over something as stupid as drama at work and a dumb smoking habit. i did what i could to salvage that friendship but but in the end the drama that the jealous co-worker became unnecessarily annoying so she decided to look for a different job else where. we still kept in touch for about two months after that ordeal but eventually she stopped replying to my text and i figured she was trying to keep her distance since she did warn me she was careful about who she she befriended. this whole thing hurt, she was just a friend but i frequently found myself thinking about her, her advice and her expectations. it bothered me that i wasn't able to be a respectable and desirable man, it annoyed the living crap out of me that i had thrown away an amazing opportunity. i discarded a chance to obtain priceless gem that only had my well being on her mind over some bad habits that only destroyed my life. this angered me and frustrated me because i knew i pushed her away with my cowardice. i know this story doesn't have an amazing happy ending but if she is fellow redditor, i want to thank her with all my heart for being straight forward and mature when confronting me. it hurt losing someone as amazing as her, but in no way shape or form do i regret any that happened. her words of wisdom and virtue didn't go to waste, they where edifying and constructive. they penetrated my soul and helped me change. i am now going on to about a year without a single cigarrete after smoking a pack and a half a day for 4 years, not a single speck a marijuana after smoking an ounce or more a week since middle school, not a drop of alchohol after being an alchoholic before i began highschool. this might not seem like something all that great but there was some pretty awesome perks after quitting these bad habits i was able to apply myself and apply my discipline the correct way as well as saving a stupid amount of money now that i don't spend on unnecessary pleasures that only destroyed me. yeah losing her sucked but falling in love with her and changing for her worked out for the better. i really hope she's doing well, and i wish to see her someday and thank her personally. as for now i will continue to live a productive life as someone she can proud of. she set the example and i was able to look back at her actions and make changes based on her own demonstration. being genuine has it's drawbacks and being a person of that caliber isn't easily achieved but that what separates the brave from the cowardly so i'm gonna make sure her efforts don't go to waste. i don't consider myself a romantic person but my feelings for her stay strong, and she holds a special place in my heart for multiple reasons. i haven't spoke to her since but thinking about her motivates me to keep growing and expanding. proverbs 31:10 -who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies. tl;dr i met a great girl with a great personality and a great butt, i fell i love with her and after losing her didn't necessarily destroy me but it built me into a new man and i am greatful for the experience. every one is different but losing someone may serve as an eye-opener for you. it's our own personal choice to let the pain destroy us or build us. lmk if this was interesting and useful.	3
sup people can i get a bruh	16
wkd is like drinking anti freeze,cherenkov radiation and blue raspberry it's act minging only drinking cuz me mam didn't get me good stuff 10/10 wouldn't even get drunk and play video games whilst sad about missing prom again.	4
i (24f) feel like a kid when visiting my boyfriend's (32m) family. anyone feel like this too? this is not a rant. just my personal experience and i'm wondering if anyone feels the same. my boyfriend is 8 years older than me, but honestly when we're together it doesn't show at all. he's a big kid haha and we get along incredibly well. we have a very loving and happy relationship. we're both affectionate and sometimes make childish jokes. my boyfriend's family are wonderful people. he grew up in a household with 4 other siblings, he's the youngest. that means all his other siblings are older than him, which makes them a lot older than me. for instance, his sisters are 35 and 38, and brothers range from 39 to 44!! all of them have kids, except for my boyfriend. so his mum is probably in her 60s.. mind you, my grandma is in her late 60s/early 70s. so whenever my boyfriend and i visit his family, although they're all sweet and wonderful, sometimes i feel like maybe i should sit at the kids' table instead. but obviously i still have a lot to talk about with his family, just that i feel like i have slightly more things in common with my boyfriend's niece who is 16 this year. understandably... the age gap between me and my bf's siblings is more than 11 years.. while i'm only 8 years older than his niece.. anyway, not a rant. just wondering if anyone else feels the same! i absolutely adore my boyfriend and his family! it is quite funny that sometimes i'm between the 'adults' and the 'kids'. i wonder if the family see me as part of the adults or part of the kids tldr: boyfriend's siblings are significantly older than me, i feel more connected to his niece who is 16.	1
imagine being such a loser that you struggle to speak to your own species. oh wait, i don't have to imagine	0
cum is just boneless children	0
bois i'm in i posted a drawing of keanu reeves on ig and a boy replied said it is good and asked if i wanted to see the movie with him if i didn't yet he went to my school lets see where this goes	0
okok for my american homies: how do yall feel ab still quarantining in 2021? so my dad (a doctor and he voted for bernie) asked me what's the point of wearing masks and quarantining right now? i said because we gotta protect our old ppl. he said they all got vaccines. so now im kinda just man i hate it when he's right.	7
anyone wanna join a epic group chat? it's pretty epic pm me or comment if you wanna join	0
reddit posts in the news i think it's funny how reddit posts, or answers to reddit posts, always end up as content for news articles days after the post is trending. or memes started here, end up spread all over social media a few days later. reddit creates, then everyone shares or make it into the news. i just thought that was interesting. reddit is the source!	6
i'm (22 m) gay and i still live with my religious overprotective overbearing parents, help! throwaway account for obvious reasons. tl:dr at the bottom, this is a long one! ok, just really quick here, i don't want to make it sound like my parents are these evil and horrible people i love them to death, and i'm going to try to write this as unbiased as i can, while keeping my experiences that i've had with them as fair as i possibly can. anyways, hi! i'm a 22 year old gay guy that lives with his parents, i also have a brother! i work for a very well known burger place, and i quit college recently because of the major i was taking, and i didn't see the point of continuing because of the lack of jobs and my field and also i couldn't really afford it anymore. enough about me though, let's move on. i come from a very close-knit family, very... family-oriented. it's family or nothing with them, family comes first! not only that, but they are the most religious people i've seen, at least on my moms side, as far as my parents themselves go, my mom is a christian but i'm not sure about my dad? if i had to guess i'd say he's atheist from the stuff he's said to me. my parents both know i'm gay somewhat, but they are both in the biggest denial i've ever seen. my mom found out by reading my texts on a phone that i paid for, and she basically forced me to come out to my dad, saying we "shouldn't keep secrets". my dad then proceeded to say that, "he didn't want a son that was gay". recently it was my birthday and i got a comment from one of my gay friends wishing me a happy birthday, "happy birthday baby ". harmless right? nope, the very next morning, i get interrogated by my mom asking me who the guy is, was i dating him, how would it look if my dad saw or if one of my family members saw? proceeded to make me feel shit about myself, and i then got angry at myself and started crying. so... that's one aspect of my life. part two of this story is that they are super overprotective and suspicious of everyone we meet. my dad has been screwed over by a lot of people, including people in his own family, which i can understand, but it's getting kind of annoying that i get a lecture about not trusting people and to be careful when all i want to do is hang out with my friends and play smash bros. i feel like a 14 year old when i have to tell them i'm going out, and if i don't, they freak out. my coworkers invited me over to their place to celebrate my bday a few days after my original bday, told my mom where i was and that i'd be late. i'm having a great time and lose track of the time, my mom starts freaking out and asking me why i'm not home yet when i said i would be at a certain time. my friends drove me home, and i'm muttering angrily to myself as i'm walking up to my door, and i see my mom peering out on the balcony waiting for me to come in. neither of them work, they do side jobs like uber eats and selling items on popular sites to keep the house afloat, but my brother and i help out with the bills. financially, things aren't great. my parents are putting their time into starting a food business which is great and all, but they keep saying they're doing it for me and my brother for us to take over one day, not to sound selfish or anything, but who said i want to? i have dreams of my own, and it doesn't include doing that if i have a choice, but right now it doesn't look like i do. my parents hate that me and my brother aren't really "doing" anything for our lives, which isn't true, they are just really big on laziness, which is ironic because i'm sure we get it from them. my dad stays home all day but gets mad when i come home from work and i forget to do the dishes. i just feel like at a certain age, i shouldn't have to do certain things with my parents yknow? i mean am i wrong? i know most of you are saying, "why don't you just move out?" financially, i don't know if it's an option right now? i'm a former college student with loans and bills, so my credit score isn't great. and trust me, they're already on my ass about that enough as it is. if i'm able to get full time at work, i plan to pay off some debt and move out by the end of the year. i tried moving out a couple years ago, and they flipped calling me ungrateful and selfish, so we'll see how it goes once i have some of my shit under control. listen, i love my parents, and i'm not going to lie, yeah i've fucked up in life and for shit they've done for me, but at some point i think i have to draw the line before i end up going insane. tl:dr - i'm a gay 22 yr old and i live with my overprotective patronizing parents who are super in denial about my sexuality, neither of them work, and i'm at my wits end. just need advice on what move i should make.	3
someone who i really liked and cared about told me they lost their feelings for me and i don't know why. she said she no longer feels the same way but there wasn't really a reason for the change. i was really hoping this would have worked out with her.	2
bruh wtf it's 3:37 a.m. est already? it was 1 a.m. five minutes ago	7
hey girl, i'm looking for a treasure..... so can i look in your chest?	5
yo, need girl help i'm pretty sad, as i got left on read twice by the girl i like. i messaged her last week and we had a pretty good convo, that wasn't one sided. her responses were higher quality than mine, if anything. she left me on read three days ago. i followed up with "what's good?" two days ago and got left on read. she seems polite and her responses were good so why/ did i get ghosted? i responded pretty fast sometimes but other times i'd wait a few hours. maybe i was too needy? just would like anyone's opinion. thanks	2
people ask me if i'm homophobic or transphobic... bitch i'm arachnophobic cuz spiders scare the shit outta me	0
i [22f] feel extremely sad and conflicted about my parents' [50s m+f] toxic relationship. i want to help them but feel so hopeless. a little bit of background that will provide important context for the rest of the post. my parents are both from india, and immigrated here almost 30 years ago. they didn't get an arranged marriage, and actually married for love. i'm currently in college and have younger siblings, one also in college and the other about to graduate high school. however, my siblings don't know about a lot of the stuff i'm about to write. my mom is the type of person that is very blunt and straightforward in the way she talks to people. she is also not very book smart, but she is *extremely* street smart. she is not a mean person and does not ever mean harm when she talks to people, but her abrasive nature could easily rub people the wrong way. for example, she might straight up tell me that she doesn't like how a dress looks on me, but she's doing it because she genuinely wants to help me. i didn't realize this when i was younger but i do now. at the end of the day she truly and deeply cares about those around her, and will always try to help them and goes above and beyond for them. she is the type of person that would literally starve so someone she cares about can eat. she's the type of person that will drive an hour to school if her kids forget their project at home, or will literally do things that aren't her responsibility but someone else's so that person isn't hurt by your own stupid decisions. she's also receptive to hearing other people's opinions and changing hers. she treats me like i am a rational independent human being, and actually listens to my opinions. my dad is basically the polar opposite. he is very soft spoken and quiet, and highly book smart/intelligent, but he is one of the least street smart people i've ever seen in my entire life. he is the type of person that likes to avoid confrontation, and sweep shit under the rug. unlike my mom, he is also too naive and trusting of other people on the outside, thinking they are his friends, when in reality they are using him. however, he is distrustful of his own wife. he only likes people that talk highly of him and don't criticize his actions, and doesn't understand that someone that doesn't give a shit about you is obviously going to kiss your ass and talk to you nicely in order to use you, while people that actually care about you will tell it like it is. he low key thinks he's better/smarter than everyone else in the room. he always has to be right, and if anyone disagrees with him he has a very short temper. only his opinions are true, and anyone that has different opinions is stupid. if he doesn't understand the rules of a board game, the board game is stupid, not him. unlike my mom, he still sees me as a little kid, and is very condescending when i try to express my views, telling me that i am still young and will realize "the truth" when i'm older. don't get me wrong, he is not a bad person. he is just very complicated. he used to be a really good dad and husband before a lot of shit happened, but i think stress from work caused him to literally go crazy. -------------- now to get into it: my parents actually had a love marriage, but that is long gone. they've been through a lot of shit that's mostly my dad's fault, but they've basically gotten to a stage where they don't even fight anymore. they just pretend like everything is fine and occasionally make passive aggressive comments to each other. my dad wasn't around a lot when i was younger because he made a lot of bad business decisions and as a result spent a lot of my childhood and teenage years slaving away at work to keep his business afloat and pay off debts. it wasn't completely his fault either, his business partners fucked him over pretty badly, which was what caused the spiral, but instead of cutting his losses he dug himself into a bigger whole after they did that. it's pretty sad because up until he made those decisions he was actually a pretty good dad, but after the age of about 8 or 9 we really grew apart. he also cheated on my mom, and i got caught in that whole mess, and it really made me resent him a lot that he did that to her. he used to be very verbally abusive towards her too. now i'm not saying my mom is perfect, she has flaws like every other person, but she was a damn good mom and didn't deserve to be treated that way. while he was away constantly working (leaving at 7 am and coming home at 11 or even past midnight), she was the one doing literally everything at home. she took care of me and my siblings, cooked, cleaned, helped with homework, maintained the house, maintained the cars, drove us to school, etc all while also working. she was basically a single mom for all practical purposes. during this whole time when from when i was 8-18 (22 now), my dad refused to tell my mom anything about his business and claimed everything was fine. he wasn't making any money, but was working insane hours. my mom offered to help him manage his business and he would shut her down and belittle her saying that she knows nothing. eventually, by the time i graduated high school, his debt and business were at their worst point, and he was literally drowning. he had no choice but to let her help after completely shutting her out for years. she started working insane hours at his business on top of her other job, helping him clear his debts and literally saving the business. she was able to undo the entire mess he made in just 1 year, and literally saved his business. now they are doing okay financially, and it's because of her. he still works insane hours, but at least he is actually making money. all of this shit that's happened has caused me to really resent my dad. the not being present when i was at home, the cheating on my mom are the worst part. but what bothers me the most is that he refuses to admit any of it even to this day. he literally lies to my face and says that he works that hard because he wants to, that he does it for his family and "the community" ( right because the community is more important than your own family who you barely see), and that my mom is brainwashing me into hating him. the shit that he tells me is so far from the truth that it pisses me off. my mom literally begged me to talk to him at one point because i was so mad at him that i didn't want to. she cares about him so much despite all the shit he has put her through, and still tries to help him. he literally cheated on her with his secretary and was paying for her secretary to go to college full time instead of bringing money home for the family. and she still forgave him. but no, he can't say a single good thing about her, he calls her evil and manipulative and says that one day i will realize he is the "good responsible parent" and that she is immature and brainwashing me. this is absolutely absurd to me because i saw with my own eyes how hard my mom has worked for us, and how much she has done for him. all while he was barely present in our lives. she literally works 80+ hours for free at his business to help him, even though she could work more hours at her job and make way more money. she barely sleeps, and i can see the toll the stress has taken on her body. i feel so sad for her and i've told her to leave him, but she refuses to because despite everything she still cares about him and the family wants to help him. i also think she feels trapped because she's scared of being alone and divorce is so stigmatized in indian culture. i told her to please go to therapy but she insists that everything is fine and the she doesn't need therapy, even though i can tell she still holds so much resentment against him even though things are better now. i'm the only one she talks to about all of this stuff, because she's too embarrassed to talk to other people like her family or friends because of what they will think. i just wish she would see how therapy could help her but i don't think she ever will. my dad on the other hand also resents my mom. unlike my mom though who actually seems to care about my dad, he seems to hate her. he talks about her like she's evil. he says he feels as though my mom is extremely controlling and paranoid. i can understand his perspective a bit in the sense that my mom can be kinda extra at times. when i lived at home i would fight with her a lot because she always tried to nitpick little things like how i wore my hair or my clothing choices. but i realized once i left home that she only would say those things because she cared about me. he himself said she wasn't always like that, and became like that. i think the reason she became that way is because of the stress of taking care of everything herself, and the fact that my dad was very secretive about his business and completely shut her out from major financial decisions regarding it for years. he also cheated on her, which would make anyone paranoid. my dad says he feels "depressed" and hopeless because of how controlling she is and because she "brainwashed" me, but honestly this seems like bullshit. if he really cared about us kids he would've tried to spend more time with us. and if he really thinks she's so controlling and evil he could've divorced her. instead he shut her out of his business for years, and then when he desperately needed help he finally let her help him (taking advantage of her kindness). even now he refuses to ever acknowledge a single good thing she did, including saving his business. my mom literally cooks food for him every day, and while he's sitting on the couch watching tv, walks over and hands him the plate. he won't even make eye contact with her or acknowledge that she exists when she does this. if he hates her so much why is he okay with accepting help from her in his business, letting her cook him food, letting her take care of him, the house, the kids, literally everything. the other thing that bothers me is that he always says that i don't know what she's really like, that she's actually really a manipulative person and has done bad things. but when i press him for details, he can't give me any. he seems to just talk in these general ideas but can't actually give concrete evidence for a lot of the shit he's saying. unlike him though, my mom doesn't talk in such absolutes, she acknowledges both his strengths and weaknesses, and any time she does have a criticism of him she's able to provide concrete evidence. i feel so sad for my parents, and hold a lot of resentment towards my dad. whenever i point out that he was never there for us when i lived at home, and would come home at 11pm or past midnight basically my whole life, he completely denies it and acts like i'm being dramatic and tries to downplay it. it blows my mind, because i don't know if he genuinely believes what he is saying or thinks he can just ignore my feelings. he won't acknowledge my feelings and sure as hell won't apologize. i wish he could just admit everything he did wrong and apologize to me, my siblings, and my mom. that's the only way i feel like i can really heal and have a genuine relationship with him. i barely talked to him for a few years because of how much i resented him, but then i realized that i didn't want to regret not being nice to him in the future, so i started talking to him more and made an effort to interact with him. but it all feels so fake because the resentment is still there. sure we act amicable towards each other, but deep down i can't get over everything he did. why should i have to be the bigger person and forgive him when he was never there for me as a kid, and never even acknowledge it or apologized? i'm really worried about both of my parents because my youngest sibling is graduating high school and its just going to be the two of them. my dad is mentally and physically destroyed by working literally almost 100+ hours a week for the past 10 years. he has some health problems, has lost a ton of weight, and gets constants migraines. he doesn't have the mental capacity of a normal human because of how burnt out he is. the way he acts reminds me of a grumpy 80 year old man, not a man in his fifties. it makes me so incredibly sad to see him like this, because i remember how vibrant, happy, and intelligent he was before his business went to shit. he has no life outside of work, and i fear that after working insane hours for so long, he has become a zombie. i know he can still turn things around but he is the only one that can do that, and he won't. my mom is also suffering. she is cleaning up the mess he has made, and killing herself doing it. she is burnt out from years of taking care of everything, emotionally dealing with his cheating and verbal abuse, and all this other shit. now she is working insane hours to help him, and it has taken a toll on her too physically and mentally. she doesn't have any hobbies outside of work, has become isolated from her friends, and just comes home, watches some tv and falls asleep. the only silver living in her life is me and my siblings. again, it pains me so much to see my parents like this. i just want them to be happy again. we were so happy before his business went to shit. they've literally withdrawn from the community they live in because of all of this shit and drama with local business owners who also happened to be their friends. they barely talk to any of their friends anymore because of petty business stuff. so they are socially isolated on top of all this stress. i don't know how i can help them, maybe i can't. i already suggested individual and couples therapy, but they both insist that they don't need therapy and that everything is completely fine. but i know its not. they won't get divorced either because again that idea is just unfathomable to them. i feel this immense responsibility to help them both be happy because they don't really have anyone else. my younger siblings are very sheltered from all this stuff, and don't really know about all of this to the extent that i do. they both always talk about how they don't really have anything to live for besides their kids, and they always want to visit me every other weekend and are very emotionally attached. please keep in mind that indian culture is also very different, and that families are a lot closer in general, but i also feel like it is unhealthy for them to not have anything else (friends, hobbies, etc). i don't know if anyone is still even reading this post but if there's any advice you could give i would really appreciate it. tl;dr: my parents have an extremely toxic relationship that i know a lot of the details of. they act like everything is completely fine, but i can tell that they are both depressed and suffering internally. i want to help them and have tried but don't know how. i also really resent my father for not being there for me when i lived at home, but he refuses to acknowledge my feelings or apologize.	11
i am a happy father of 5 unvaccinated children... edit: 4 unvaccinated children* edit: 3 unvaccinated children* edit: 2 unvaccinated children* edit: you can attend all their funerals next week	2
i finally cut off a toxic person for some backstory, ive known this girl for 4 years and she was kind of the only person i hung out with for those 4 years. but after getting some new and better friends i see that she wasn't that good for me. she would never text first, didnt ask how i was, didnt care about her future. it was very hard but im proud of myself, i never thought i would do this and im glad i finally worked up the courage to do it. thats all thanks for reading	6
i love getting catcalled it's so cute to hear the meowing on the phone this was so bad i apologize	5
what's your biggest gripe with makeup shopping? just had a subpar run in at a makeup counter that was my fault. she was matching me to my face and not my neck (which is darker). and then my makeup subscription sent me a purple sparkly eyeshadow and a purple eye pencil.... that i would never use. just wondering	11
what's y'all highest score on subway surfers mine is 750,000	0
order something healthy or not. funny story. today, i was with a couple of friends discussing on what we should get for dinner. so, i said: "i would like to order something "healthier" because i went to the gym." and my friend besides me says: "hell no! let's order some pizza because we went to the gym." i never saw it that way, but now, he got me confused . what would be your thought in this situation? p.s. we ended ordering pizza.	1
i got first in kahoot it was for a biology class. feels good i guess 🏼	18
bruh how is it 3 am i've been on here for hours why does time fly by so fast huh	19
my big bro is not a teenager after tomorrow soon he is gonna move and start university. i'm really gonna miss him. still remember when he was 10... time moves fast lol.	14
i made someone laugh today i finished working out and was in the process of changing into my swim stuff to sit in the hot tub. pulling my duffle bag out of the locker i noticed my hat was on my basketball and looked like a head. there was a person next to me and i quickly and neatly pulled out my spalding basketball and asked "would you like to meet my friend, spalding?" the hat was on the basketball making it look like it was wearing it. he gave out a little chuckle/laugh. felt good i could lighten someone's mood at least once with my dumb joke.	6
why does 1920x1080 look so bad on a 4k monitor? my gpu is bottlenecking my monitor	2
don't "haha lol" me you are gonna make me think i'm saying something wrong when that's just your texting style	4
not remembering to always put the lid securely on. so last friday night i'm coming home from picking up late night fast food and as i walk through the garage and into the house i hear a rustling and look over to see the ass end of a possum scurrying away. it freaked me out a bit so i shut the damn door thinking i just saw the largest rat in history and ready to burn down my house and bathe in acid to recover any sense of being "clean". the next day we went into the garage and made a bunch of noise, blew an airhorn, and moved shit and couldn't find anything. we figured it moved on and went on about our life's keeping an eye out for anything moving in the shadows. today i left for work and thought it smelled a bit like shit in the garage. in fact i knew that smell and it smelled like death. so of course i'm like "maybe there isn't really a dead possum in here, i can't see a dead possum so i'm convinced i'm right and just smelling things. later on that day i get a text from my wife telling me it smells like something died in the garage...damn i did smell it. i get home from work and am looking all around the garage for the source of this death stench. when we looked around the other day i noticed a bag of insecticide that was chewed into and figured maybe he got hungry, ate some poison, pissed off and died. so i'm looking in all the small areas a little critter would go curl up to die and not finding anything. this is where my tifu feeling really hits home.... i start looking where it smells the worst which is over by my fridge and water softener. you see, the former homeowners have been brilliant enough to put the water/salt tank for our softener system in the garage. i noticed the lid to the tank is sitting on the ground. like a regular sherlock holmes i start pondering...."i don't remember taking that off and really not like me to just throw it on the ground. then it occurs to me. like a smack in the face...the only place i didn't look yet was...in...the...tank....i start to peak over the edge and immediately see a large dark object at the bottom. this is immediately enough information for my brain. i grab my wife and drag her outside asking her to confirm what may well be my worst fears...she looks, almost pukes...and now see are trying to figure out when the damn thing last recharged	5
i'm always really happy after i talk to this person always so fucking happy. and he told me just now that it brightens his day whenever he talks to me. but he has a girlfriend? idk it's true friendship ig	10
what does based mean i still don't get it	16
i'm 35 weeks pregnant and my baby shower broke my heart. my husband and i are expecting our first baby next month and had our baby shower this weekend. we have lots of friends and family that have been expressing excitement for this little baby since we announced our pregnancy. we gave out about 80 invitations 4-6 weeks before our shower. 40 rsvp'd- less than 20 showed up. i am so disappointed in our "friends" that committed to coming and then failed to do so. i had 3 send me last minute cancellation notices (after the start time of the shower) so that was appreciated but i still feel so forgotten. maybe our "friends" aren't who we thought they were. even coworkers didn't show up. i work in an office with about 20 people- 15 of which told me they were coming. i even scheduled the shower near my work and right after my office closes so it would be convenient for everyone to just stop by after work. 1 person showed up. one. i suppose there is no sense in dwelling on this, it doesn't change anything. but my heart does ache a little bit. anyways, thanks for listening internet strangers	3
i'm gonna do something i should've done a long time ago sleep. gn	16
so im supposed to be having a girl over in a few days. what are the chances she'll flake on me? so this girl slid into my dms a few days ago, told me i was cute and all that shit. we started talking for a bit then i invited her to a group chat with me and my friends to play some games. we flirted and stuff, and then i said something and she told me to shut up (in a flirty way) and i was like make me, then she said "ok bet let me know when ", so then i was like if you're not busy next week ill let you know, she said bet. i texted her solo an hour later and the conversation went exactly like this: me: what are you doing this weekend? tryna come over and watch a movie or something? her: yea... for sure me: saturday then? her: yea me: bet then i was left on read. we talked a day later but it was minor stuff nothing much. but i have a feeling just from that response that she's not really with it and im scared she just might not end up coming saturday. idk what do you guys think?	12
today is a nirvana/linkin park/lil peep/xxxtentacion kinda day	4
i'm [29f] getting married (to [30m]) and i don't want to change my name. hi, i'm going to try and be succinct about this. i'm on my phone so sorry if this comes across in a strange order. i have an *extremely* memorable name. it's always been a talking point and i've always been asked would i change my name if i got married. i have always answered: no. it's an unusual surname and goes very well with my first name. perhaps i am putting a lot into my name, but it's always been an emphasis throughout my life. i have known in my bones i would never change it. it's my identity. now, i've been with my partner near 10 years. he has known this about me but i guess thought i might change my mind when/ if the time came. fyi, i don't really want to discuss my partner or his character too much because i'm very protective of him. he is the light of my life and i am grateful and blessed to be loved by him. especially now he wants me to be his wife. he has not been manipulative. or gaslighted me or abusive. we both love each other and foolishly have come to an impasse on this topic. i need help dealing with that. nobody is a bar person here. i didn't realise how sentimental he was about me taking his name until we were in a position to seriously discuss it. he has accepted that i will keep my name and any future children will take his. unfortunately both our surnames are long so it rules out double barrelling. my partner is upset that i will not be mrs "my surname". as he says he has accepted i don't want to change my surname but he thought i would still have the "mrs" title. i've explained that by doing this, people may address him as mr "my surname" and that women in this instance usually go by "ms". he seems perturbed and upset by this. he says there will be nothing that ties him to me and that makes him sad. it's not based on a need to 'own' me. but to recognise that we are married. for him it's sentimental but he accepts and understand my choice. i hate the idea of making him sad. i ultimately know he will accept my choice in the matter because i have been firm that it's the one thing i cannot change my mind about. but he has told me it makes him sad and that he made a big gesture following traditions when he proposed (which is something sentimentally i wanted). while he says he would have done this regardless of getting something in return, it's sad that a romantic gesture that would mean the most to him is something i cannot do. i really need some help. ultimately getting married is the truest romantic gesture on both sides and we both recognise that. i hate the idea that he will miss something important to him when we get married. is there any other solution ? tl;dr - partner would love me to take his name or at least the title of "mrs" when we get married. these are not an option for me. however, i want to do something, anything to show a gesture of love (on top of getting married!) but i need some suggestions	4
if you have a telescope, jupiter and saturn will be really close together over the next few days if you like stargazing if you're on the east side of north america like me it'll appear in the evening. jupiter appears as the brighter object, west of earth's moon, and you might notice saturn slightly above jupiter, but dimmer (or you might not, they might appear as one) so that means, with an average telescope on a lower power, you can get both planets in a single frame at the same time! you can see the 4 largest moons of jupiter as well and probably a few of saturn's too (maybe) if you look closely, all in the same frame.	5
yeah i haven't lost my virginity... cause i never lose	0
yall should i take a bath rn or not im just really lazy today so idk someone plz motivate me. also im wearing a dress which takes about 300 years to take off and i cba rn help	4
it's getting bad "boobs" keeps repeating in my head	4
what if we were laying together and our dicks accidentally touched	5
i just got my first pay check $41 for 4 hours of work	0
i have a quick question so im confused, lads. recently ive seen a bunch of stuff, from in tv shows to comments on the subreddit, that makes it seem like you only really text someone if you like them. like, obviously you text your normal group of friends, but anyone else, texting them often is taken as a liking? and ive never thought that before, but now it keeps showing up? like? texting someone all the time does not mean in the least that you like them??	10
i had a dream i got gold and thousands of upvotes for commenting casual and random not sure if this is the place to post. but thought i'd share my random dream with you all. think i need a break from reddit!	1
time for me to listen to three cheers in full cuz why not time to have my hearing disappear	18
my girlfriend dumped me and i want her back so i was in a dying relationship and want it fixed but it seemed like she had no intentions on fixing it and broke up with me. she's much busier now and there isn't any time for me anymore and she wants us to work on ourselves was her reasoning for the break up. i wasn't happy at all about it i cried 4 days straight it hurts more and more everyday. i asked her if there were any possibilities of us getting back together and she says no but "we can remain friends" she wants to keep in contact with me but i don't want that i want to be her boyfriend she means alot to me she's was the one that get me out of depression. now i'm conflicted bc i'm not happy just being her friend and not happy not being able to see or talk to her. i want her back but i don't know how to do it? tl;dr: my girlfriend of 5 years dumped me and wants to remain friends but i'm unhappy about that i want to get back together how should i go about doing that? (ps: i'm a 21 year old male she's a 20 years old female )	2
well if you're not gonna bleed for me go he said he likes crazy girls....but he hates when i act crazy just bc i'm fucked up it doesn't mean i don't feel	2
teenagers of reddit hey all it's me! ya boy who likes to make other people happy i have some really good news i am finally happy again! thank you all for being there to support me i appreciate each and everyone of you, every single one of you on this sub is amazing and dont forget it i love yall	3
all my christmas lovers out there: let's have some christmas in july. it's july 19 and i'm drinking hot cocoa and watching white christmas. there is *nothing* i love more than christmas and i think everyone can agree it's the best time of the year. what are some of your favorite christmas traditions? edit: it's 1:40 am and i think it might be time for me to sleep. thank you for the lovely conversation	6
music love hate hey guys, so i've been a musician drummer and piano since i was 11. i know how to it feels to get over that initial bump in practice and how it feels to get it right. tonight i spent 4 goddamn hours on one single tune (with various parts). it's a love hate thing, i'm sitting here like fuck i didn't feel that time go by, music is a meditation, and once i get that tune right it'll be amazing to perform in my group, and then there's also that hate relationship where it's like fuckkkk over and over and over again till i get it right! it's my passion still don't worry bros	3
she stole my heart so i stole her credit card, take that becky	3
my girlfriend/mother of my child is extremely negative about anything and everything and i dont know what to do. so i have been with my girlfriend now for over 2 years and in this time have also had a beautiful girl who we both absolutely adore. recently however i feel completely trapped in a very strange relationship and i dont know what to do. when i first got with my girlfriend she had attitude behind her but it was never towards me. she would (and still does) get agitated by anything, if someone said something or done something very minute she didnt like she would have to let the whole world know how shes pissed off because of it. even tiny things like watching the tv and the remote falls to the floor it would be a massive deal where she would let out a massive sigh and would stomp around when picking it up, again, letting the world know she is annoyed. i'm a quite a chill guy, i always try and think positive and the majority of people who get to know me seem to be the same when they're around me which is cool. because of this i thought she might be the same and for a long time she was but then it changed. these little annoyances would also be aimed towards me and when i would bring it up to her she would deny it when it clearly was. going to places with her is an absolute chore at times. we go shopping and a place hasn't got the item she wanted? she will have a attitude on her for the majority of the day. people walking slow in front of her, majorly pissed off like someone's just attacked her or something. visiting places and sight seeing she isnt interested and has to make a point how it's all boring and pointless to her. she doesnt have many friends and tbh i can see why. a lot of them stopped talking to her, they never explained why but its obvious why. i have quite a lot of friends and due to past experiences i never bring her to anything. i have been on nights out with her where she has spoken to friends, some best friends, like absolute shit for no reason whatever. they haven't done anything wrong, chill like myself and they dont know what to say back so awkwardly play it off with humour. i get made to feel guilty now when i go out with friends because shes not included and doesnt get to do these things herself so its "not fair". we have a beautiful 9 month baby who absolutely adores me and i her. my girlfriend for the most is great with her and does a lot for her but then will sometimes speak to the baby like an adult. if the baby doesnt want to go to sleep my gf will get very angry with her and swear etc. if i chime in and tell her to calm down/stop swearing i get a ear load of abuse back and are made out that i havnt got a say in it because i'm not the one getting her to sleep/feeding/changing her at that time etc.. it's very weird. theres been time and time again where i have nearly walked and everytime she has begged me to come back and i have after a few hours. her father was and is in the army so at a young age (about 8) her and her younger brother where sent to a boarding school and she hated it. she was there till she was 16 which then she lived with her auntie and two cousins. her attitude was bad there as eventually her auntie made her dad tell her she needs to move out and find a flat which her dad would pay for. her mum and dad are nice and they separated recently, both living with other partners who both have teen children or children turning into teens. i think this makes it worse as she never got that same experience with her mum and dad which is why shes so hateful. i've offered countless support, and i get it thrown back in my face everytime. she says she will changed but never does. my family are starting to realise this as shes even been the same around them so the house we live in feels like so dark all the time as we all feel as though we are treading on egg shells. every day i fake happiness with her for the sake of the baby. i'm scared that if we split she will be twice as bad with the baby and then the baby will grow up with the same attitude etc. i also really like her family, her cousins are amazing and her brother is a great lad, because of them i've met new friends and as you can guess she didnt, i just dont know what happend down the line with her for her to be like this or maybe her natural personality. i just cant do this anymore, its eating at me every day. we share no common interests at all, i'm really into sport and all things nerdy. i could sit at home watching any type of film and she wont enjoy it, i would happily go out for drinks or visit places she wouldn't want to do that, there would be and has been a massive moan. dont get me wrong we do have a laugh sometimes, but it's nothing major. if we didn't have a child i would be gone, statistically children do better when parents arnt separated but honestly i think it would be worse for the little one uf we did stay together as i dont think the arguing we ever end. i used to keep quiet but i dont anymore, and i'm past caring for my gf. i dont love her romantically anymore, just love her in a wouldn't want anything bad to happen to her way. any thoughts? sorry for the huge amount of info. there would be more in all honesty but trying to not go too mental . thanks.	1
pfp back cause gamerdude	5
: that bitch kristen tl;dr: i gave a girl 3 chances, was invited on vacation to a beach resort in a foreign country, showed up, and was falsely accused of being a stalker by her and her friend kristinha. dodged a mega bullet. ended up having an amazing vacation, met a ton of new people, made new friends, and even got some small petty revenge! this is my first post on reddit, long time lurker, a few years, but created an account because i want to contribute, so i thought i'd share this shitty thing that happened to me for your entertainment! i met kristen through tinder in february, we dated for a few weeks, talked a lot, had great conversation. things were good but i wasnt her top option and i knew it, but dating is getting to know someone and i become more appealing with time, i was also going on dates with other women but she was my top option, i thought i liked her a lot. i'm decently attractive but dont dominate rules #1 and #2 on tinder so i cant soley rely on looks. we were still dating when i decided to take a new job in another state making 3x what i was making where i was with a 21 day on, 7 day off schedule, easy decision. her and i talked about things and she decided a semi-long distance relationship wasn't something she was interested in. i understood and as an adult parted ways, albeit disappointed. soon after (like a week) i saw she was posting snapchats with a guy and you could tell they were together. she dated this guy for a few months, could totally tell she was into him, i was happy for her and would see her snaps or instagram posts. after all, it wasnt that serious and who would be mad at someone elses happiness. after being in a relationship with that guy for a couple of months i get a snapchat dm from her out of the blue. she was trying to reconnect with me and was explaining how her relationship with this guy was over and she was going to break up with him. i talked to her, listened, and supported her decision. apparently he treated her pretty poorly, putting her down, making her feel less than what she was. they had a tough mudder scheduled and she didn't want to make things "dirty" until after the event and break up with him. so she followed through with it and thats when she took a real interest in me, i was still in another state but we texted as much as i could and talked on the phone. i went to az on my days off because i had it planned already. i had planned on going back home to where she lives on my next days off. but my new job sent me to saudi arabia to work for 7 weeks when i got back from az. needless to say this wasnt ideal considering we had re-up'd the interest in each other. but she stuck with it and i did too, even with the time change we spoke to each other morning and night at my shift change and any time i was able to in between. she would say things like "you are my world" and "i want to see where this goes"... we talked about a lot of stuff. my financial situation and work schedule allows me to travel a lot and i have also traveled a lot in the past with work and other things. she hasnt traveled much and said she wanted to go places with me. she told me she had a vacation planned with her friend kristinha to go to punta cana, dominican republic and since it fell partially on my days off she wanted me to join them. it was her first time out of the country and i imagine she thought she would be more comfortable with me there also. so i booked the vacation, they would be there 7 days/6 nights, i would be there for the last 5 days/4 nights. all inclusive resort. i was still in saudi arabia and had days off between then and the vacation, i would be going home as soon as i was done in saudi then back to work, then the vacation. so obviously we were both excited to see each other before then and get to spend a week together without work, she's a teacher and im off, this is in july. so i go home, she asks me to stay with her the first night i'm back, i meet her at a friends house, we drink and play cards against humanity with her friends (who like me pretty well) and we stay there that night. we play in bed intimately talking and laughing and everything is amazing, my hopes are high. the next day we had plans to see each other but she bails, and starts acting a little sketchy. so i ask whats up... she tells me she wasnt as physically attracted to me as she wanted to be and didnt feel comfortable getting intimate after her ex, still wasnt ready. of course i feel hurt and blindsided but it is what it is. we continue to talk about it and i'm okay and move forward but really confused. later that week she goes hot and cold 2 more times... asks me to hang out, i do, then comes up with a different excuse for why we wont work. first, the physical attraction thing even though we dated multiple times before. second, says shes still fucked up over her ex, even though i'm being patient and supportive as much as possible. third, says she doesnt want a long distance thing, even though she explicitly said she like it because we could go slow and focus on our careers and still have each other and travel and whatnot. soooo that was a crazy week and i was hurt and confused but im grown so nothing to do but move on. this was 3 weeks before the vacation so i asked how she wanted to handle it (i wasnt going to waste my money), and she was cool with just talking when we crossed paths but keeping things separate. so i go back to work in the other state, during my two week hitch i post a snapchat and she messages me, apologizes and we talk about things a little more. she acts interested again and tells me she does want me to meet up with her and her friend to hang out in punta cana. i cautiously but optimistically look forward to getting to be there with them instead of by myself. she apologized for the excuses and said none of them were true she just doesnt really know what she wants right now but that she doesnt want to throw me away. basically that "i dont know if i want you but i'll drag you along until i do know" trick. which i knew the case but thought our time there could change her mind, because i honestly really liked her and thought i had gotten to know her pretty well. she also tells me that her friend kristinha doesnt know i'm coming down and that she wants me to act like i'm surprsing them... fucking terrible idea in hindsight. i reluctantly agree and we continue to talk for the days leading up to them leaving and make plans for excursions and whatnot. they leave, and she gets down there, still talks to me some but shes on vacation and i dont expect her to, plus she only has wifi in her room or the lobby. by the way, i booked a separate room away from her friend so that if we wanted time together we could have it. good thing i did... finally its my turn to leave, i'm excited, i was excited to see her and take some time to enjoy great weather and drinks and i hadnt been to a beach in a long time and had never been to an all inclusive resort. i get there, it's beautiful, i get to the resort early afternoon and i'm supposed to meet them in the lobby in the evening (they're on an excursion). so i grab some drinks obviously and check the place out! later, i go to the lobby as planned, i sit for a bit and finally see kristen, i go up to say hello... she blows me off! looks at me and says "i'm going to hang out with them" (pointing at a group) and walks away... i'm kinda stunned at this point and didnt know what to do. so i go back and sit down to think. a group comes and sits at my table, young group, my age, mostly from the uk. so we start talking, i try to put what happened in the back of my mind for a bit because its not a big deal, i'll give her space and just decided to have my own vacation unless she wanted to hang out. after talking to that group for about 15 min, her friend kristinha comes over to talk to me... says she needs to talk outside so we go to a private-ish place. i dont know what to expect so i agree and introduce myself politely and ask her how things are going (she's never met me in person but knows kristen and i talked). she cuts me off and says that kristen is shaking that im there and that i wasnt invited and need to stay away... i felt so disrespected that kristen would say something like that and that kristinha would believe that i would be capable of that... i honestly didnt know what go say, i was hurt and pissed off and so many emotions... so i tell her that she doesnt know what she's talking about but that she has nothing to worry about and that i would stay away. i obviously didnt know what kristen was capable of and didnt want to be with her at this point anyway, fuck that shit. then kristinha had the nerve to tell me that the group of people i was talking to was "their" friends they made and that i need to stay away from them too... like fucking middle school. that pushed me over the edge and knowing i was too drunk to be constructive i told her that she was wrong and that im done and walked away. as good as i feel like i could have handled the situation under the circumstances. so now the vacation is my own, so i make the most of it, the resort is small and they have public activities that i enjoyed joining in. i planned some excursions of my own. met some amazing new people and even found some single girls my age that didnt want me to leave them alone . i had a blast, i saw kristen and kristinha around but never engaged with them or made eye contact except once. i had met a couple of guys and a girl on a friend trip. all single, they asked about my story so i told them, they asked me to point her out, so i did. the girl in the group, rachel, (arguably more attractive than kristen) thought it was just as shitty as i did and said she wanted me to make her jealous. i was feeling kind of petty and agreed if the situation came up. so i hung out with this group for a while and we got dinner that night and planned to go out to the resort club then to a local club in punta cana. really cool people and they were amazing for letting me join their plans. we have dinner and go to the resort club, all tipsy and dance for about an hour, soon we were going to the local club, just before we leave kristen and kristinha walk in, my back is to the door but rachel sees them and comes directly up to me and gets all over me, we're dancing pretty provocatively and then i see kristen too. now i know why rachel came up on me, game on. kristen and kristinha are on the relatively small dance floor dancing together and i can feel their eyes burning into me and rachel as she tries to make her jealous, and it feels good, it really does, because its nothing hateful, just a good "fuck you for disrespecting me, i wanted you, but i dont need you" kind of feeling. at the end of the song rachel grabs me and gives me a passionate kiss in front of them, and grabs my arm and walks with me out the door, as i'm leaving i stare into kristens eyes and shrug my shoulders like, so what... this was our last night there so it felt extra good. my new friends and i go to the local club, have a blast, and i leave the next day... obviously theres no winner in this story but i feel like i dodged a bullet of a crazy woman, i had a great time and amazing vacation, met a lot of amazing and positive and supportive people, got some small petty revenge, and learned a lot about myself and built some confidence. i've always been outgoing and have a ton of friends but its easy to feel like there's something wrong with you when someone treats you like that. in fact reddit helped me, one night while i was there and kinda feeling down i saw a post that said "if something bad happens in your life you need to decide it it happened to you or because of you, this will help you either move on or grow as a person"... is amazing advice and i took it to heart, i did nothing to deserve how i was treated and could therefore move on to better people in my life... i ended up with an amazing vacation, new friends, a new experience, and a new breadth of perspective on life.... lifes good thank you so much for reading, i still havent contacted kristen and she hasnt contacted me to apologize, its been two weeks. i wanted to put this out there as kind of a last thought about it all, forgive her for not being able to be a better person, and move on without the hate in my heart.	17
hunter x hunter has way to many anti-lgbt fans for being like one of the biggest mainstream animes with gay and transgender characters in it like literally any fan theory and people accept the possibility of it. except if you mention the possibility of gon and killua being gay/bisexual then they will freak out and say they're 100% straight, and they're too young to know what being gay is (but they can know they're straight ). and there's literally so many clues that suggest it's possible that they are in love more than just friends. plus it's just fucking cute to think about it, like if someone wants to ship them and make their fan stories about them then like wtf why not. and the fact they never have a problem with shipping male + female characters who weren't canonically in love. but then there's a problem if they're gay. that's pure homophobia.	7
internet friend finally recieved his bday card and other drawings i sent to him :') he said i'm the first person to leave him speechless damn it feels good to be a gangster i love making my friends happy	0
anyone whos 5'9 or taller, shrink for me plz or else ill dissolve ur ankles and delete ur knee caps, then rip out ur spine like im opening a ziploc bag pretty plz	6
*plays your c0ck like a violin* *marvelous*	15
does anyone have any good stories of when your trust was broken by a so and you were able to move past it? i (f26) recently went through a rough patch with my so(m25) where they were flirt texting with a mutual friend (f26) who's close in the friend circle and i caught them. they said some stuff through text, were going out behind my back and lying about where they were going, they sent some stuff on snapchat...little things that i guess could have been worse but still feels like they have broken my heart. i also feel betrayed by this "friend" who was flirting back with my so...i'm just all sorts of hurt i can't get over feeling like this would have kept going if i hadn't caught them, and that they'll do it again if an opportunity presented itself. (this is a tl;dr version, i don't want to ramble on with the full version) i want to move past this and get over it, we have spoken about it and it seems like they are sorry and they love only me, but i'm also paranoid as fuck. i'm hoping someone has a good story of when something similar happened to you and were able to move past it. or honestly any story that will ease my heart and mind.	12
yo drinking semen is more sanitary than kissing someone this can help you in your pro gamer moves	0
i'm vibing again this song goes way too hard flacko loko, no four loko, al capone or acapulco	5
good morning for u lot at lest i need to get so bloody sleep, 1am australia life	12
i'm chilling in a hot tub	0
to all the mind readers out there ( ) don't tell anyone	5
my [f, 21] best friend [f, 23] put all the blame on me for her almost-break-up with her boyfriend [m, 21] they have been together for just over a year now, and for the most part, in the beginning they were a really solid couple. in these past couple months, i have watched her go from upbeat and happy to completely miserable on a daily basis. she has regularly messaged me with tears in her eyes and stories about how she is so upset and feels like she has dedicated her life to this person, but isn't feeling happy anymore and instead feels trapped and suffocating. first things first. bf isn't and hasn't been abusive. he is actually a charming and kind guy. patient and supportive. all the good stuff. i have showed a lot of support in the past. my best friend is also depressive and has severe anxiety. she has days where she can't bring herself to do anything. she has personal issues with her self and idk if bf is the most supportive in this area, most likely because he doesn't know what to do, so he gives her space and it often makes her worse. long story short, they have had major issues. i have tried to push her towards professional help, which she isn't interested in, nor can she afford, and also tried to help her with her communication skills. in the long run it didn't work at all, and the more time went by, the more she wanted to leave. so then i tried to support her in that. offered her my place as long as she needed it and said she needed to get some space. she came very close to breaking up with him many times, and even had something written up on paper to give him. when we hung out next, i gave her the boost she needed to finish the deed and started the conversation about moving out, not even breaking up. then two days past where she went back to his house and was supposed to grab her stuff and come live with me for the time being. and then i got a message this morning basically saying she "felt pressured into breaking up with him and needed some time completely alone to decide what she wanted to do for herself." it had a kinda accusatory tone to it. almost like i had, out of no where, tried to sabotage her relationship. like i didn't just spend the past 5 or so months getting messages about how she hated her life where she was and felt trapped and depressed. in the message she stated she wasn't talking to me for a full week, so i couldn't influence her decision at all (even though for that week she will be staying at her boyfriends house...?). i honestly feel really blindsided and hurt, like i've done something to meddle when i've only tried to help. i also find it interested and should add; she only has one other really close friend, and during all of this major almost break up stuff, the other friend *didn't answer any of her messages* about her being upset and wanting to move out, to which she expressed to me how upset she was that her friend just ignored her and showed no support to her when she needed it. and yet when i do the opposite, it is also an issue tl;dr - my best friend pushed all the blame of her almost-break-up onto me and sent me a message basically saying she blamed me when i was pushing for her happiness	10
boys who are super skinny are so good	5
very deep lyrics mmm, okay, uh pussy ass nigga, okay, uh broke ass nigga, okay, uh scary ass nigga, no way bitch, i'm fine, i'm straight, uh bitch, i'm doing okay, mm bitch, get out my face	2
another gf post i finally made it guys i got my first girlfriend ever 3 days ago, at the age of 19 years old and she's amazing. she probably won't read this though cuz she's 23. don't worry if you're still single, as long as you're a nice person, you'll find someone eventually. you just need a bit of confidence.	0
n u t about 30-45 minutes ago i beat the fuck out of my dick so goddamn hard that my left leg has went totally numb my dick has also went totally numb to the point where it feels weird when i take a piss thank you for coming to my ted talk	0
i (18m) feel like i'm taking romantically to two people. it makes me upset/uneasy and i feel like a bad person because of it. i really don't want to hurt either of them (18f/17f). okay first some background: so me and my ex (kind of???) were dating for around a year. she went off to university in the u.k. and i did a gap year staying in my home town. we both were so in love and committed so we tried long distance. this was really hard for us, and although it went well at first, eventually our relationship got strained. we tried an open relationship but i couldn't really deal with it. then she started hardly talking to me and told me she was really depressed and lonely and that it was getting too much to handle. she called me drunk and said she really wanted to make out with a guy at a party but didn't. a week before i went to go visit her in england i asked to be exclusive again because i was worried about us and everything that was happening was making me uneasy. she agreed. i went to visit her in november. it was so nice seeing her at first. we had sex and held each other and kissed and chatted. it was so great. just like it always was. that night she left me alone to go to a dinner that she'd booked, and i started getting stressed so read through her messages (not proud of this). i found her bragging to her friend about some guy she'd hooked up with 3 days before i got there (during the time we were supposed to be exclusive). she said he was so good, and she was thinking about hooking up with him again. i confronted her about it and she cried so much, said it was the biggest mistake she'd ever made, and she only wanted me. and that it was a form of self harm because her depression had come back, and she just wanted to feel something and not feel lonely. i believed her for multiple reasons but it would make my post too long so just take my word for it. i realized how hard it was and was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt as it was just some random guy she just met at the club. there were no emotions involved. she didn't even know him. and i still loved her. i tried to forgive her and it started getting better. i started seeing a future with her again. she told me things like she loves me and wants to be with me long term. i stayed with her for about a week. then one evening (about 5 days after i found out about the cheating), we're supposed to go out, so i get a little drunk during pre-drinks. then she just tells me out of the blue that we need to break up and we're not good together. she says she doesn't love me in the same way anymore. i was heartbroken and really upset. i thought it would take me ages to ever get over her. i was sure she was my soulmate. then over christmas break we both came back to our home towns. we have all the same friends and we were on the same flight home so we ended up flirting and hitting off again whenever we saw each other. we agreed that long distance was really hard and that the breakup was a good thing, but we should just enjoy each other's company one last time over christmas. we spent so much time together over christmas and it was just like it always was. it was nice. i had a lot of fun. the plan was to breakup after christmas. now: fast forward to now and she has just gone back to uni. she really redeveloped feelings for me over the break and we were kind of back together over that break. despite the fact we said we'd break up, we ended up both agreeing that we want each other in the long run, but in the short run we should just be our own people and experience life and do whatever we want to do, with no commitment. we'd still see each other in holidays and stuff where we'd be together, but in between we wouldn't be together. now i've started talking to this new girl i met on bumble that goes to my old school. i really like her so far and i really want to meet her to go on a date at some point. i feel like i've got over my ex (kind of???). she doesn't seem interesting anymore. i don't know if i even feel the same love after everything that happened. i don't want to breakup completely with my ex because i'm not sure what i want and we're already technically broken up now so idk if there's a point. also, i might want to be back with her in 6 months or so when we'd meet up for summer anyway, i really don't know. i also really don't want to hurt her, as i care so much about her and me breaking it off for good would hurt her a much and i don't want to do that. the problem is she keeps sending me texts and calling me and stuff, and saying she loves me so much, and i'm her everything, and she misses me so much. just general really nice and loving messages. this makes me feel like shit while i'm texting/flirting with this new girl, while simultaneously getting loving messages from her. i feel really upset because i feel like i'm simultaneously cheating on my ex, and leading on the new girl at once and i don't want to upset either of them. like i know technically it's fine because of what me and my ex agreed. i mean we're being our own people. we're not even together when she's at uni. but just the way it seems to me just seems wrong. so idk what to do. what would you guys suggest if you even bothered to read this monster of a post? i could stop talking to the new girl but i don't want to because i like her and i'd like to see where it goes. i could break things off with my ex permanently, but i don't want to hurt her, and i'm not completely sure it's what i want. we're broken up anyway for now, and by the time we see each other again (summer) i might feel different about us. i could just keep things going with both, and then decide later if anything goes anywhere with the new girl. i could just see the new girl for the rest of the year and say let's just have some fun until i go to uni, and make it not serious, and then perhaps go back to my ex if i'm feeling it in the summer. tl;dr ex fucked me over and hurt me after doing long distance at uni. don't blame her 100% for it because it was hard. we both still have feelings for each other, but i'm confused as to if i'm still in love with her after everything that happened. we got back together over christmas but now she's left again. we agreed to still hang out and be together during holidays, but when we're apart we have our own lives and are not together and have 0 commitment to each other. i like a new girl and have been chatting to her and want to go on a date with her. i don't feel much towards my ex now she's left, but she keeps sending my loving messages while i'm texting this new girl and it's making me feel bad and guilty about what i'm doing. i feel like i'm cheating on my ex and leading the other girl on.	1
females of reddit: i'm so sorry gals of reddit please accept my apologies. i personally have never done this (ish)but my fellow males have. okay so. i'm at the gym and holy fuck. people keep staring!! like wtf and it's always the same creepy old guys -.- at first i took it as a compliment like sure thank you, you think i'm attractive but holy fuck there's these 3 old guys that are always staring at me -.- one of them never does shit he just sits down and stares at me while sipping water from his bottle. since i started going to the gym i have sincerely started feeling bad for females. okay so, males or reddit, a few tips. - dont stare!!! - if the other person makes contact look away. (you'd he surprised) - don't make it so damn obvious you're staring - don't keep staring for 15 min without blinking (i'm talking to you old guy who just keeps staring at me while not doing shit)	7
bored male looking to talk to females cause i feel more comfetreable that way i'm 18 and just looking for a chat nothing. i'd like to see u try to keep me up all night i prefer to talk on snapchat but anything i can get on my phone goes	8
just got my wisdom teeth removed, feeling like utter trash i opted out of being knocked out because i'm deathly afraid of needles in my hands/arms, so instead i got 9 needles in my mouth which oddly for me is a better proposition . currently bleeding out of 4 parts of my mouth with a wicked headache, let's pray for our good friend tylenol 3 to do his job. anyone else have any wisdom teeth experiences? i'm looking forward to a few days of mashed potatoes, pudding, and countless episodes of hunter x hunter	1
hey y'all wanna here a joke? what is the difference between prejudice and reddit? *there is none.*	19
my grandad has given up smoking. he's in his 80s and has been smoking since he was 9! how's that for uplifting news	6
i have a girlfriend now it kinda seems weird bc it's my first gf (i'm m16) but we both like eachother a lot and i love being around her and she's literally the best thing that has happened to me. just wanted to share also i don't wanna mess anything up	3
my account is 222 days old and i have 2 followers	0
why cant we post pictures anymore wack	16
why did my bag slightly moving and hitting the floor scare the shit out of me i do be kinda anxious after one redbull jdjdjxbxbdbxbzbzbzbzbzbzbxbzbzbzbdbdbdbdbdbdbslsooslxixkjdbdbdbfbdbdjjdbdbdbddbb	5
just fuck an asshole,don't be an asshole ok so i was texting a friend and i thought about this saying while talking with them. thought i would share this advice with all of you p.s if you see this javeman,love ya :)	0
when fleetwood mac said "uwu i wanna be wit u everywhere " i felt that	15
today i made the doctor laugh so hard she wet herself... i've had a cold for about three weeks now and don't like going to the doc so i put it off until i couldn't anymore. she prescribed antibiotics and said i should get some greek yogurt to go with it and i told her i prefer greek yogurt since the regular stuff has a snotty consistency in my opinion, and to be fair i'm dealing with enough of that. she laughed so hard she said she had to excuse herself. unfortunately it made me laugh too, and then i had a coughing fit. c'mon though. not every day you can have a laugh that good right? anyone had a riotous laugh lately? what caused it?	1
my 512gb phone's 125gb is filled with memes who can relate?.	1
wait.,, i'm alone? always have been >!^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler!<	2
i kinda miss old cod lobbies in a weird way there was a chaotic beauty to them. as a kid, it was so fascinating seeing all the insulting words in existence. there was a sense of competition when you were insulted and such. there still is those kind of lobbies, especially in snd but the mics aren't so shitty . i've legit only had 3 lobbies out of snd with trash talk. maybe it's because i have a lowish kd of 0.99. on the other hand, i'm kinda glad they're gone because they did turn some people pretty toxic	2
time to clean my room wish me luck, it's gonna take an effort. be back in a bit	2
if anyone reaches my humor criteria,we should chat for a while "among cum [this cant be real] "fornite porn>amogssus "big chungus is real in 3 i love my wet,flappy vagina "im a bad bitch,dont mes with me # kill all men if you had a smirk,or even laughed contact me immediately for some nice coffee and pizza,as well as among us sex?!?!?!??!	4
imagine actually playing a game with graphics dwarf fortress gang	0
guys i got a girlfriend!!!!! just kidding april fools hahahhahah	2
i'm at work alone. woo! all by myself in the office. everyone else went out to lunch. this *one guy* always takes the coffee creamer so we don't have any. so i brewed a kcup into some hot chocolate mix and bam. instant mocha. how's your saturday?	11
i was thinking and yknow what would be cool having like a social life and being normal shit. like you wake up happy and like you enjoy doing stuff and people like you. that be cool	0
be honest, you are in love with me ahah be honest dude	1
how do i not overthink literally everything im help i've been overthinking abt two different topics for the last like. week. n im so stressed help	19
i can feel it i got god on my side remember when he sent you to me that night	13
daughter 1: i'm gay. daughter 2: me too. daughter 1: i'm gay dad: ok. daughter 2: me too. dad: does anyone here like boys? son: what about mom? dad:	2
i haw everything and everyone rn every time i talk to someone on here on snapchat i get blocked overnight. this boy was being very nice to me and i was like "you're like everyone else aren't you?" and he denies everything. he didn't ask for anything sexual so i started to trust him. he even calmed me down after my dad hit me in he chest! i wake up to message him and he's blocked me!! why does this happen to me	14
not to brag butttt... i know all the 50 states, their capitals, locations, and their shapes off the top of my head. i feel so cool.	0
wanna talk or something? down to chat and maybe be friends girls are not allowed... unless....	5
my mom just said good girl frick i'm so dirty minded	15
i hate my fucking life for a bit of context, i like this girl a lot who also happens to be one of my best friends. so last week i decided to finally ask her out in person. i asked if she could go to the in school gym after bit she could, so i was stuck with asking in a text. so that's what i did. but she replied with this "is that why you wanted me to go to the gym " in reply to what she said i just text her yeah. then she texted " ah bless"......... ah fucking bless, what do you mean bitch i finally worked up the courage to ask her out and i got ah bless. i'm so pissed even now. i'm eventually going to confront her about it but i need a bit of time to think over things. i'll keep you guys updated when i do and thanks for reading.	1
yay i had my best friend over yesterday! we sat in my backyard and talked all night and i feel like now she's more comfortable talking to me than ever. now, normally that isn't seen as much of a "first date" per se, but i guess if the shoe fits i'd give anything to get that time back and i'd gladly do ot all over again. now all i gotta do is wait a little while longer so i can finally ask her out... or until she can ask me out lmao #nailedit	1
anybody wanna talk? i do be getting lonely and sad tho. 15m. come over and listen too joji with me?	5
hot gurl gave me a handjob throwback to my first girlfriend, i was in love with that girl, hottest chick in the class, used to help her with homework (i'm a nerd) she was kinda dumb anyways i helped her pass the test she got an a+ and gave me a hand job while hugging and kissing me ( i was scared at the time) taking me to all the steps till we had sex, best moment of my teenage life tbh	1
i should go to sleep i should go to sleep but i don't want my curls to flatten and loosen they are so nice and pretty right now. is sleeping worth it? i can just stay up all night and keep my nice pretty wavey curls for tomorrow school. there is no benefit to sleeping. only negatives	4
my driver instructor said he admired me for setting up my own drivers test apparently a lot of other teens just have their parents do it anyway that made me want to very much so have car seccs with him	5
you wanna know what i noticed? everything on this sub and just memes in general, even in the youtube comments is just overused. everyone has the pretty much same meme format for everything, same "i'm depressed lol lol" jokes, same "nobody: "-insert topic: it's all getting boring, don't you guys think? nobody is original. all memes feel the same now. they're all the same format pretty much all the time. memes are kind of boring now....what if memes are all just part of one meme that will die out? sure as hell feels like it... :(	1
not signing out of a throw away and having a friend find out what i was going to take to the grave. i made a throwaway as to not have to be judged by people i actually know in person about my secret only to have a friend pick up my phone and have it open to all the messages asking about it. she uses reddit so she knew what was going on and she's been acting kind of weird all day. yay me. p.s. please don't tell anyone	9
i aced my ap calc midterm got a 97% ive never gotten a score that high test takers good luck	4
oh hey i was just boutta go to bed, i know we couldn't skype tonight but thats all right... good night girl, ill see you tomorrow (falls and fucking breaks the quantum time barrier)	17
having my drivers test now, wish me luck!!!	3
doubting myself on our first anniversary i (24f) feel like my boyfriend (25m) can often be very critical of me. there are several recent examples that come to mind but they tend to follow a pattern of: i spend time making something, his first reaction is a critical statement about what i've made. i've confronted him about it several times, sometimes it goes no where or sometimes he apologises that it hurt me and promises he appreciates the things i do. i generally feel loved by him but i am starting to notice a trend of negativity from him towards me. what's brought me here today is something that happened that's left me confused and doubting myself. i need outsider opinion. i had spend hours making an anniversary card (our first) as it seemed to be something that meant a lot to him and he was sad we wouldn't be together for it. on receiving the card today his first message to me is along the lines of telling me i had the address wrong (obviously i didn't or it wouldn't have arrived :/). then he said 'i got your card '. i responded and didn't hear back for several hours. during this time i did some reflection. i realised he seemed to often be immediately critical of me in these situations. i decided to talk to him about it and ask him why. the worst part for me was that this exact situation happened a few weeks ago (ie. i mailed him something i made and his first response was a criticism followed by several hours of silence.) after that i spoke to him, explained it hurt me and he apologised. now i feel that it happened in exactly the same way and i feel he is disregarding my emotions. when we spoke today about the incident he explained he was only joking. i told him i didn't see the funny side of it and he told me i just didn't get him and his sense of humour then. i brought up the past recent incidents of criticism and asked him why he felt the need to be so critical. he got upset and said i was only focusing on negative things when he also says lots of positive. that he is always only joking with what he says and i take it the wrong way. i feel like it's genuine criticism and honestly i'm not sure how to feel about the situation right now? doesn't feel like i'm overreacting but that's how he's treating it. i don't know where to go from here as i tried to communicate my feelings with him and got no where but feeling very frustrated. i'd really appreciate some advice. am i over reacting?	3
a successful casual conversation with a casual girl so some quick backstory. in high school, i had pottery class, and this girl would walk in every now and then and would make great work, but i never really got to know her. now, about 2 years later, at the beginning of 2019, she happens to be in my drawing class. as i entered the classroom on the first day, i minded my own business, reviewing class procedures with the teacher. suddenly, we were ordered to form into a circle and introduce ourselves and state an interesting fact about us, and being me, i saw each person's face, and i noticed that girl, and she mentioned my name, saying that she liked one of the things i said as an interesting fact as well (which was pottery of course). later on in the class, we proceeded to wait during a break, and she said she recognized me and i did too! anyway, i've been eyeing this girl to get to know her a bit better, and little by little, i've been trying to slip a few words to get into a conversation, but today, i felt like it was the most i've been able to talk to her. i have her feedback on somethings in class and just conversed a bit. i had complimented her artwork recently, and today, might you have it, i received a compliment back...coincidence? and that ladies and gentlemen, is my casual conversation.	10
y'all making me gay stop if this skirt thing doesn't stop ima just start simping for everyone. not that there's anything wrong with that	5
just wish i was taller just 2-3 inches, that's all i need, that's one of the few things i want in this world	2
i woke up to my phone falling off my bed i was listening to white noise on earbuds while i sleep	5
whatever happened to /r/randomactsofblowjob? i have $15 in uber credits thay expire tonight. they can be used for uber meets but i don't live where they do. who wants a free blowjob tonight? so yeah, the $15 credit expires tonight, would rather it not go to waste! anyone need a blowjob send me a pm. please know if you live in an area that has uber meets! edit: i'm not gonna blast the dude here, but that was a pleasant experience! he wanted one for him and his boyfriend which was incredibly grateful. 10/10 would do this again. recommend you guys subscribe to /r/random_acts_of_pizza if you are feeling generous! i'll make sure i type in the fight subreddit next time . cheers.	1
am i overthinking? or is this common for men... i want to apologize in advance because this is going to be super long. but it's something that has been bothering me for a long time and something that i think about nearly every other day, even though i am no longer with this person anymore. when i was 18, i got into a relationship (my first and only real/serious one) with a guy that was 24 (turned 25 the very next month we were together). at the time, i didn't think anything of it and our age difference wasn't super drastic or anything (but i now realize that although the age gap isn't crazy, an 18 year old and a 25 year old are not the same level mentally). i stayed with him for about 4.5 years and throughout our relationship, i kept finding/noticing weird things about him but i just brushed them off or tried not to think about them because i loved him and i was also unhealthily attached to him since he was my first real boyfriend. also, anytime i would bring up an issue, he never wanted to talk about it and convinced me i was being dramatic and "psycho." i do admit that i am pretty emotionally unstable lol, but i swear even if i was being calm and rational, he still somehow found a way to make me feel like i was being crazy. so any other time we argued or i tried to talk to him about something, he automatically assumed that i was going to act psycho and used that as an excuse to ignore me (totally refusing to acknowledge the times that i was calm and rational). i just want to clarify that there were several other things that played into our relationship being so toxic, but they don't really relate to the issue i still think about today. i'm just confused and hurt and am hoping to get some genuine advice. we have been broken up for about a year now and i don't care to be with him or want to be with him, but there's this thing that i constantly think of and it makes me really scared to even think about talking to another guy again. so i feel like i need some closure or reassurance or something to help me get this out of my head. *going to try and format this in a way that is simple and easy to read and gets straight to the point lol.* when we first got together, he posted a picture of us on facebook and i noticed a lot of his friends posting comments like "are you sure she's 18? " a few different guys were all saying similar stuff. throughout the relationship (mostly in the beginning), he would make random odd comments that i didn't think much of at the time. he once was complimenting me, saying all these sweet things about me then ended it with, "if we ever have a daughter, i want her to look just like you, but bigger boobs!" and laughed. i wasn't amused and thought that was gross and weird so he said it was simply a joke. i wear normally glasses but one time, i didn't have them on and i also had my hair up (which i usually don't) and he said he really liked that because i "looked younger." again, i was 18 at the time, how much younger did he want me to look? also, i'm asian and get told i look young for my age all the time lol (even now at 23). i want to say, i have no issue with porn as long as it's not excessive and it's not anything illegal. but i noticed that a lot of the porn he liked was young girls. and i know "teen" porn is a thing, and i catch myself watching videos with teen in the title lol, but to me, it's just a pretty girl that looks my age, i'm not actually thinking/imagining that she is a teenager. that is a little gross. and the porn he liked wasn't just those girls that looked like they were in their early 20's, it was girls that looked like they could literally be 13-14 ish. i know they obviously were not because there's no way that would be allowed on regular sites like pornhub, but the fact that he enjoyed looking at girls that looked like actual teenagers was kinda suspicious to me. i'm skinny myself, but there is a clear difference between a slim woman's body and a body that looks like a girl that hasn't fully developed yet lol. i mentioned excessive above because there was a point where we went from having sex multiple times a day to maybe a couple times a week. and it stopped becoming enjoyable, he stopped being affectionate and it basically felt like i was a pocket pussy lol. like he was just fucking me and i was just there, he wouldn't make out with me or make eye contact with me. he claimed that his sex drive was just not the same (he has multiple health issues to keep it short lol) so i understood. but then i would see so much porn on his phone. we were once hanging out in my room and i left the room for maybe 15 minutes and when i came back, he was on his phone jerking off. also, once i looked at his phone when he had just came home from work and he was watching porn and searching stuff.. while at work. i think that is a problem if you can't control your urges and wait til you get home lol. during our relationship, there were times he lived with me at my parents' house then i lived with him at his parents' house (we eventually got our own place). i got kinda close with his brother and he would tell me things about my ex lol. he randomly told me that he was using his mom's ipad (that the whole family shared i guess) and he opened a folder within a folder within a folder that had *actual* teen porn. i didn't ask him for this information, he just told me. i didn't see any actual proof of what his brother had told me so i tried to let it go (confronted my bf but like i mentioned in the beginning, he just told me i was being crazy). i was looking through his phone, i saw more porn, didn't think much of it since it became so normal to me. but then i saw a site called primej***bait (censoring it because i don't want any trouble lol). i saw he had clicked several pages so i opened one and i swear this website was one of the most disturbing things i've ever seen. it had a toolbar at the top where you could choose an age (13 - 18). there were images of literal teens, totally innocent pictures like girls at a sleepover (that were clearly taken without permission from their social media sites which makes it even more disgusting). when i confronted him about it, he first pretended to not know what jailbait meant. he then claimed that he was looking for girls that were over 18 that just looked younger (because that isn't weird as fuck???). he then tried to justify it by saying it wasn't "porn" because there was no nudity. i told him that was obviously so the site wouldn't get shut down, but that doesn't mean sick fucks aren't masturbating to it. basically, we never fully discussed it and i never any closure because any time i tried to talk about it, he said i was psycho and crazy and that he was tired of hearing about and annoyed of talking about it (even though we never actually solved anything). he then started to say that it was "so offensive" that i would accuse him of such a nasty thing... the final thing that made me think he might truly be a pedophile (ephebophile if you wanna be obnoxious about it lol) was that i found out when he was 21, he was "dating" a 15 year old girl. i only found this out because i saw that he was messaging this girl while we were still together. i saw a message that said something like "i will find a way to message/skype you!" i asked him about her and he said it was just a girl that he had a little dumb "online relationship" with and it was nothing serious. i couldn't let it go because of the message i saw, so i contacted her and she willingly told me everything, even sending me screenshots and pictures. she said that she first told him she was 18 but later admitted that she was 15 and all he said was "that's okay, just means we will have to wait a little longer." (so clearly he was okay with her being underaged). there were messages talking about marriage and kid's names (things that he talked about with me. in fact, some things he said to her were basically identical to the stuff he's said to me). even if he wasn't serious, i think it's sick and manipulative in a way for a 21 year old to be telling a naive 15 year old girl that he wants to marry her. they had only stopped talking/"dating" a year or so before i got with him. i found out he messaged her about 2 years into our relationship. *these are only the main things that happened in our relationship. there was a lot of little instances that i didn't include just because i feel like i got my point across lol.* if you got through all of that, i'm sorry, but i appreciate you for taking the time to read all of that. like i said earlier, there was plenty of things that made our relationship unhealthy, abusive, and toxic (on both sides) but we are over now and i'm okay with that. but the thought of him being a pedophile seriously disturbs me and i think about it almost daily because i was truly in love with him. and even though i am over him, now i have this fear of every guy i try to talk to being like this too. so i really just want to know... is this normal male behavior? am i overthinking? i know i probably look crazy for remembering each situation in detail (there is more but just listed the main ones lol). i'm also probably going to get bashed for "snooping through his phone" but i want to say that there is a lot that i left out so please do not assume you know the whole entire relationship. i do suffer from anxiety and have always been super self-conscious so sometimes i do believe that maybe i am being crazy. how do i stop thinking about this? how do i get rid of this fear? i did see a therapist for a while last year and talked about a lot of things, but this was/is something i was/am ashamed and embarrassed to talk about with anyone. i am afraid i'll get looked at like i'm stupid and like i'm a overdramatic crybaby. or i'm afraid to know that he might really be a pedophile which will just worsen my fear. i would appreciate any advice/thoughts on this. thanks. tl;dr: there have been several things that have made me believe my ex (of 4.5 years) was a pedophile/ephebophile. we have been broken up for about a year now and even though i am over him and the relationship, i have this constant fear of aging and fear that every guy i meet or talk to is also into teenaged girls. i literally never had this issue or even thought about it before i met him, but now it's something that is just always in the back in head. i don't know if it's normal/common for all men to be into teenaged girls, so i don't know if i'm being crazy or overreacting. i am now 23 and i seriously feel "too old" and feel like no guy will want me. i know men liking young women is a thing, but is it normal for men to like teenaged girls? how do i get over this feeling? how do i stop thinking about this? i'm only going to get older and it scares me so much... i know /heard of women feeling like this in their 40's, but i'm only 23 and think i'm too old... any advice/thoughts?	1
i fucked up massively i posted on insta, and then i somehow start replying to comments on a different persons post. the thing is the comments i'm responding to are compliments to the person who posted, and i'm replying with shit like "thanks, u too " and shit. i just wanna fuckin die rn	3
the girl i really like texted first today! we work together, but work in different areas, so we only see each other in the break area or in passing. but yesterday the stars aligned and we got off work at the same time! so we decided to walk to the employee parking lot(about 1/2 mile away), maybe 3/4ths) instead of take the employee shuttle. we had a great time, we were both laughing the whole time, it was honestly the best thing ever. once we got to the employee parking lot we said goodbye to each other and got in our cars and went home. i was in *such* a good mood after that last night. i've known her for about a month (got her number the first day i ever talked to her) and as far as i remember, every single texting exchange was started by me. well today she texted first! we ended up texting for the rest of the night until she went to bed. i got so happy when i got her text and had the goofiest grin for the rest of the night, people probably thought i was crazy. i know it's small, but it definitely made my day better and gives me hope for the future	6
help with text i'm texting this girl from my class and we're really hitting it off, but she randomly just stopped. it's been over 24 hours now and i'm pretty sure she was just busy when she saw the text and forgot to reply. do i wait till monday when i can meet her in person to continue to conversation or should i send a friendly text like "busy weekend? "	9
obviously i'm hungry if i keep upvoting every food picture on here	9
not someone trying to be transphobic towards me when im cis i remember why i dont post here often	18
i wish wanna cuddle with my boyfriend but noooooooooooo, he lives far away	16
i almost did it guys in about a month i'll be 20 years girlfriend free stay pure friends ^(i genuinely hope the best for you guys, i'm so fucking lonely)	0
i made $250 today xd my bank account was talking a nap so i had to wake it up just a little bit i'm tryna move out before i turn 20 somehow	4
playing binding of isaac in school this happened about an hout ago: i was bored in class so i opened binding of isaac on my laptop. i have been tring to complete all of the challenges, and the last one i haven't beaten yet is called the suicide king. in that challenge you shoot explosive tears that come back to you if they miss and enemy, and i find it bloody difficult. after getting frustrated after dying for the tenth time i open google and type in "how to beat suicide..." and google already filled in the rest for me. but when i tried to click on the googles prediction i missclicked and actually searched for what i wrote in. i retyped what i meant and didn't think much of it. until after my classroom got an internal call and they demanded that i go to the principals office. apparently the school proxy filter had picked up my suicidical searches and the it had notified the administration, and when i arrived to the principals office the principal and the school nurse were waiting for me. i quickly explained what had happened, and they understood the misunderstanding, but now i am sure i am under some kind of surveillance list from now on edit: if someone knows a solution on how to bypass the school proxy filter any helpp would be appreciated, as the blocking really makes research hard. i have tried tor, ultrasurf and freedome and all of those get stuck in connecting phase, i guess the traffic is blocked. i use my own laptop so i can install whatever would be needed, and i am ready to pay <10 dollars per month if it allows me to watch youtube.	7
yeah i support acab **a**ll **c**ops **a**re **b**ros and **a**ll **c**ommunists **a**re **b**astards	0
guess what happened i was my way to go home from the grocery store, but then a man came to me and said he can take me home. and here's the good part: he said he is gonna give me free candy if i go with him. i'll be back in a sec to update you guys	0
shout out to all the aro and ace people out there you don't have to worry about getting rejected by a crush if you don't love anyone	0
woke up again today is going to suck	7
lazy ass bf 24 yr old female, living with 25 year old male and his parents. male does not like to do anything and is going on 4 months (all together) without a job. i personally feel like he should not be as spoiled as he is... i just got him the playstation platinum headset.. 250$ i don't have and that could have went towards something else.. i feel like i have a child... his parents make it seem like him being without a job is okay... tldr: my fiance acts like a child and i'm going insane... someone please help me	4
i look like a chad i dont wanna be a chad i wanna be cute femboy :(	2
f uck >>>>>>> i'm so bored i just realized i've posted on this sub so much today,,, sorry if i'm annoying you guys <3 anyway i'm actually a psychic so if anyone wants a psychic reading of their profile just comment	15
what positive trait of yours has a negative side to it? for me, it would probably be that i'm quite trusting and tolerant of others. it's good because it's allowed me to have conversations and strike up friendships with a wide range of different people, and i try my best not to judge people unreasonably. but it can border on naivete and sometimes causes problems - i give people too many second chances and tend to act very passively in the face of conflict. what about you guys? which 'virtue' of yours has ended up being a double-edged sword? would you change it if you could? edit: my mobile app is being a bit funky, so if i reply to the wrong comment i'm sorry!	9
she wrote me a good morning message before she went to sleep last night ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh this girl man	13
i asked her out boys i posted here about 2 weeks ago or something like that idek but i sucked it up and told her how i felt and she feels the same and we're doin great i love it so much guys	13
ugh i'm having a panic attack i don't usually get them but looks like i'm having an episode rn great fun. it always starts with me overthinking.	11
getting proposed by my gf's sister on a date with my gf.. so, this was about 2 years ago when i was 17 nd don't know why i m posting this today bt read and enjoy.. so, it was girl from my school i recently started dating she was cute and fun to talk to.. so we decided to go on date to the cafe near my place.. little back story : my bestfriend suppose x had gf y, and they used to meet everyday at certain place bt the friends gf y had a bestfriend z. nd my friend don't like z to inturrupt their lovey-dovey conversation thats why he always takes me with him just to keep z company nd not disturb them.. then z and i get prety close and started to spend time together. she always talked about her dad and family but she never mentioned anything about her sister.. as to guess i thought she has hots on me but i was not sure then nd i don't seemed to care about that because not gonna lie she is also cute as my gf and easy to talk.. back to the date : i was feeling very nervous because that was my first date since 2000 so, we asked for a couple table in a corner and had capuchino facing each other talking about some random shit nd all like couples do on cafe dates.. we had corner table so we can't able to see everyone in cafe and truthfully i wanted to give all attention to my gf just not to ruin my first date..and after some moment z got into cafe with her friend nd saw me with some random girl. i don't know what she is thinking at that moment bt she suddenly sprung up in front of me with a rose and ignoring that girl she confessed her love towards me..i was shivering with the emotion of tifu nd suddenly my gf calls z's name and she looked at her and then both continue to stare each other for about 20 second..then my gf said "what the fuck are you doing?" nd z replied "soory we"ll talk about this at home" i standing there cluelessly thinking 'home'..what the fuck that supposed to mean? nd at glance everybody at the cafe looking like they are enjoying the show except three of us..then z take her leave asap.. nd in after convo i got to know that they both are sisters form same parent and live in same fukin house.. for later, they both end up breaking up with me just to be fair with each other...damn poor me.. tl;dr : i end up being single because the girl proposed me was my gf's sister..	1
how did your parents meet? so i just found out how my parents met and i thought it was pretty interesting. my father told me that his family reached out to my mothers family and they both decided they were going to do an arranged marriage. my father told my grandpa (mother's dad) that he was originally interested in marrying my moms older sister. but once he came to their house and saw pictures of my mom, he changed his mind. he then met my mom and they really clicked. the rest was history. it's now over 20 years later and i ask my mom if she was cool with the arranged marriage. she responded that arranged marriages were the norm back then, everyone did it. so she had no problem with it at all. i'm curious, how did your parents meet? and if you don't know, go ask them and let me know	8
is anyone else disappointed with stranger things 3? my first ever post so go easy on me. now i'm not saying stranger things 3 was bad, still better than most tv, to me it just felt very unnecessary. season 1 was a great new series where some kids tackle a giant threat - the demagorgon season 2, whilst i admit it had its issues (let's not mention the lost sister) was a continuation of the larger plot started in season 1, the gate was there, there was a bigger threat and it needed closing to save the world etc. season 3 was a retread at best, the same plot as season 2 - the gate was reopened, small groups of the cast investigate the same thing without ever consulting each other, even though they've all been through this twice before. the same set up - human and sci fi threat established, with the human threat being dealt with just before the monster. i just fail to understand why all the reviews are heralding this series as amazing and much better than season 2, i admit the characters are better but it all feels so token to me, the objective of season 2 was the close the gate, the objective of season 3 is to close the gate again and hope this time it stays closed a little longer? no don't get me wrong, i absolute love stranger things, but part of a good tv show is knowing when to end, i don't want to be watching season 7 where the gang have to get back together because a 6 year old fell and put her hand through some wall opening a magic portal to the upside down. anyway, tell me your views and why i'm wrong	1
imagine getting knocked out by playboi carti theres was a video where a dude got knocked out by him, i have never seen a sus vampire mf hit someone so hard	1
please subscribe, he is really poor,it would mean a lot to him. here is the link: <url>	13
god i hate working out my abs but i have to god fucking damn it i have to work out my abs today and i'm too lazy to. abs are literally my least favorite muscle to work out fuckkkk. i also gotta stretch for like an hour i need motivation	15
my friend just left after staying the night and now i feel lonely what're you up too? i don't have many plans for this chilly sunday, just gonna sleep and do some homework and go to dinner with my mom and grandmother. finale of the walking dead is on tonight, hopefully it'll be a good episode. you guys up to anything cool today??	1
i think i'm in love with marines what can i say? i love how masculine they are, and i love military dudes because: * they always look clean cut * usually they have better manners in public * they work out (more so army and marines here) * they look fine as hell in uniform * they have their own money * they're busy which works well because i'm always busy * they're always around other guys so by the time they get to you they are ready to get down and dirty * they are oftentimes from other states i'm currently getting in the best shape ever because i'd love to just date a marine or army dude and take him on a trip swwooooonn over.	3
ugh why is it that jah can beat up women and have fans. but i'm over here only committing multiple acts of homicide and what do i get? 30 years to life in prison? fuck that, man	4
send nudes noodles. i like egg noodles a lot but rice noodles are ok too	18
don't want to sleep because i don't want to wake up to a disaster of a semester report tomorrow, how u doing	0
falling down the rabbit hole that is reddit, resulting in a flooded bathroom. just a quick overview of how i fucked up today for everyone, including myself, to have a giggle at. so i've just prepped dinner for me and my boyfriend at his house, we're having fajitas and the prep of the chicken and veggies can be smelly so i did it early but yeah, i thought i'd get a nice relaxing shower before i actually cook, turned out to be too relaxing of a shower.. i go upstairs, get undressed and ready for the shower which i've turned on to warm up, then proceed to chill on the bed for 5. then i slipped down the slippery slope of getting distracted by reddit and stumbled across some, let's say, nsfw content that caught my eye.. needless to say within 5 minutes me and the shower tray had a lot in common. now this is where i fucked up. i decided that standing up whilst i paddled the pink canoe wasn't enough and plonked my fat ass on the floor of the shower. i hadn't realised that i'd actually covered the plug hole and began to flood the bathroom!!! in the state i was in i'd just closed my eyes and gone to town, a few minutes later and i finally opened my eyes to the devastation that is a flooded bathroom. i've never moved so quickly to turn the shower off, grabbed a towel and bolted downstairs to tell my boyfriend the bathroom was flooded. long story short, after several towels plus a mop and bucket later he is convinced the water/drains in the area are "playing up" because there has been issues with it recently and i'm very content with him believing that. i just don't have the guts to tell him it's my fault and why it happened, i am totally embarrassed right now and can't believe it haha. we're currently sat on the sofa watching friday night dinner after eating fajitas and i can't help but laugh in my head at the situation. i'm sure in a couple of days when he realises the shower is completely fine and it's all blown over i'll be able to laugh and tell him without feeling so stupid! so folks of reddit, that is how i fucked up today, nothing too major but i definitely died inside a bit! tl;dr: masturbated in the shower, sat down and covered the plug hole with my ass which resulted in me flooding the bathroom.	1
work gathering ice breakers so i've been to a couple of my company's work gatherings so far, and quite frankly, most of the people in my company suck. not just the people i never see in the main office, but also the people i work with and see on a daily basis. they make absolutely no effort to get to know new people, myself included, and just stick to their own cliques or have you do all the work. i'm sick of feeling like there's something wrong with me when they're the lazy, anti-social, closed off ones (this is seriously the first company i've worked for in years where so many pf the employees were just flat-out unwelcoming). so next work gathering that i feel obligated to attend, i'm gonna just go up to random people with a smile and ask them ice breaker questions, but i need help in thinking of some good ones that would generate some sort of involved discussion amongst even the most stuck up jerks in my company. or at least make them laugh and pull the sticks out their butts a little. so far, i only have: - is the hot dog a sandwich? (<---this is my go-to for all occasions anyway) this is where i need the help of you fine folks. any and all suggestions welcome. keep in mind these are coworkers, and i really just want to make them giggle a bit and get them conversing a little on something silly or lighthearted. i feel like both sides think the other is shy and stuck up, and it would help if we all got over ourselves over something silly. yes, that means me pulling thr stick out my butt a little, too.	8
what do you do on a day off to meet new people? (online or irl) i love meeting and getting to know knew people and make friends, however i'm not seeing a lot of opportunities to do so lately. house parties and gatherings are cool but they don't happen often with my groups of friends. i go to clubs and bars every so often but i'm not getting any luck from those. i've used social apps like tinder and okcupid but i don't get matched with anyone any ideas are welcome!!	4
my teacher marks me absent when im in class i came into class 5 minutes early and was there first. when all my other mates came in i guess the teacher didn't see me come in and thought i wasn't in class. she asked the class if anyone know where i was 30 minutes in and i said "what the fuck are you talking about, im right here?" i got suspended for the rest of the day for being rude i guess? anyway this happened two weeks ago and was on the last day of school. i got the summer break early which was nice. my parents didn't care too much since i didn't do anything too serious. epic gamer moment	0
reddit story walking down the street, not in my 64. about to enter convenience store when the hot cashier touches the handle. i then touch the handle, meaning i held hands with a girl, later virgin gays	0
a kid in my class asked if i have any black relatives, he asked it because i have curly hair fuck you	7
so my crushes crush is apparently me i was talking with a friend and i finally admitted who i liked. they said they knew who it was all along. (of course ) then, they said that they were good at figuring out other people's crushes. i asked my friend who he thought my crushes crush was, and he said... me. idk if he's telling the truth, but i'm looking forward to next fall!	11
i've finally texted my crush and she seems happy with the conversation. bye virgins	0
recommend some good comedy or romantic movies for weekend. hi, i'm new on this platform, can you guys recommend me some good comedy or romantic show/movies for coming weekend. it's been long time i didn't seen any show. waiting	6
hi lets have a conversation including that i have a vagina to get more replies	0
i have a sternocleidomastoid muscle fetish ngl gastrocnemius muscles are pretty hot too	5
don't you just hate racists!!!! ...like as though i had a say when god was creating me. jeeezz!!! am not sure i posted this on the right sub but pardon me, still new on reddit. it's annoying, i mean really annoying when am treated differently because of the colour of my skin. i had a hard time getting into any college/ sixth-form(uk) close to my home. i had really good grades but because i am black, most of the sixth forms couldn't let me do biology, chemistry and math. they kept on giving me subjects i didn't enjoy at all. i ended up going to a college that's 2hours away. the college is really great cause dah!, it's in windsor. anyway this isn't the only encounter with racism, i face it everyday and it's friggin' annoying like today on the bus, the bus driver didn't ask for the student ids of all of my friends and the other kids on the bus but he insisted on seeing mine, like what the hell. i showed it to him anyway, i felt like opening my bag too an shoving my books down his throat. my friends noticed and i saw the look of pity on their faces and we later talked about it which ended in me crying . and other scenarios like the librarian at my college is soooo rude to me am like her mother in law or something same as to the receptionist at my dentist, she's the reason am switching a dentist though my dentist was the best i have ever had. at work the same thing. sorry to say this but the most racist things i face are from white ladies. asians are cool because they understand the struggle. recently i was at work in the manager's, (a lady)office and the assistant manager, (a guy) said. " isn't she the most beautiful girl around here, look at her skin, her eyes, she is just so beautiful," . guys, you should have seen the look on my manager's face, it was full of disgust. like how can you call a black person beautiful. the guy kept on talking till the manager changed the topic without saying anything about it. and am not saying that she's racist because she didn't comment on my beauty but you get the point racists should just know that it's really hard to be of an inferior race, it sucks everyday to know that you not wanted because of your colour. it's sucks even more because you can't change it, i was fuckin' born this way, i swear if i had the option of going back to the day i was created i would tell god to make me white. and not that i wanna be white but that way i would live a comfortable life with other life problems and my race not being one them. don't get me wrong, i like the fact that am black and i enjoy it but that's because i cannot change it, so gotta accept it and enjoy the positive side of it. and now am thinking of changing my name in the coming years cause i heard it's hard for one to get a job if the recruiter is a fuckin' racist , and am only doing that cause i want a good future. and i don't think black people are racist, they only are the way they do because they know other races already hate them. like really how can you like someone who doesn't like you.	14
how do i ask a boy if hes gay without looking like a want to hit him up	2
i'm a thicc neko futa kh ^ * * ^ kh	5
cameron boyce has passed away at the age of 20 he was a good kid and i watched him on disney all the time. rest in peace	2
fell asleep at the school library i was at the school library today to study some of my classes and 2 girls where whispering in front of me and it almost dropped me dead. their whispers were sooooooo soothing and relaxing that i almost fell asleep head first on my laptop. thank you for the brain massage	3
i don't think i can love anyone because i only develop obsessive attachments which turn into hate when i try to detach from them but i think i can do platonic love but sometimes i confuse platonic love with other things but we'll get into that another day	6
yanderedev rly worked 6 years on a demo and he couldn't even change ayano's hair model at least bruh	15
i'm putting this dream on hold for now. i am literally sobbing in the bathroom right now. this is not the first time this has happened but this time it hurt bad. i've been doing okay for the past few days because i have been constantly doing what i love. and then today, my parents just blew up and scolded me(i know part of the teenage life). i love doing makeup, i've been told that i'm good by several people but never the ones near me. still, i do it because i can escape for a while before i take it all off. today i was doing a look and i again got disapproving stares. then the scolding started. not even talking, i was scolded. so i stopped for a while because i cannot continue with what is happening. this whole session(yes i call them sessions cuz it happens often when i'm in the middle of a look) just got more aggressive and aggressive. they told me "if i can't get something from that, and they won't too then i have to stop doing it", i'm assuming money because that's all they expect from me. i'm 19 and had been doing this for almost 2 years, on and off because of these sessions. if they see me pickup a brush next time, they'd break it. which i don't know if they're serious because whenever we have kids over, they'd always have them play with my makeup. i don't have a huge collection and they're not that expensive but that's all i have. i have some of the broken palettes still because they still work, don't worry . but i have been hiding them because it hurts me to see my products get played with. but then they brought that up too and told me it was selfish of me. this line never misses every session. "if you don't want to be in this household then go out, or i will." i will be leaving soon, i promise.(if you have any ideas on what to do, i just wanna go away, please) it hurts me, i don't know how long this will be but i'm gonna have to keep this dream on hold for now. i will be the good boy they want me to be.	8
my friends and i almost died today we went to this hidden water fall my friend knows and we went to check it out. after we arrived there we went and did normal stuff swimming and crap but afterwards the sides of the water fall were......some what claimable so we of course tried to climb it. after a while of being up there we came down i was on one side of the water fall while the other two were on the other more wetter side. i when i came down some rocks gave out and as i tried to stop myself from falling a rock i tried to grab cut my wrist and luckily i moved my hand before it got too deep. on the other side one of the guys tried getting down and slip from it being wet and fell around 30 feet after sliding down the falls and getting launched after a ramp like formations sent him into the air and into luckily the only deep spot into the water. otherwise a great time	9
if you were born in 2000 you were a teenager for the exact same years that this millennium was a teenager	10
school more like uncool bruh. s: sucks c: cool< h: hell o: old people o: objection l: litteral tonpa kinnie ok rant over jk i litterally have an f in everyclass i have had straight zeros in band for 3 (three) quarters. my bd said "hi,____ hope u r doing ok. it would be nice to see u in class." this betch sent that in december on my birthday. he didnt say "happy birthday___ come to school on monday so i can congratulate you" like i would have hoped. dont even get me started on my assistant principal he litterally accussed me of skipping a subject wich i did not skip. i couldnt attend because i didnt have the code. like hello??? and they contacted my dad and he yelled at me so i sat outside for 5 hours and now i have to go to the eye doctor on thursday. how stoopid is that? so tomororw i have to spend all day doing work so i dont fail 7th grade not like i wanted to pass anyways because everyone in my class is stoopid and is wierd. and so r the teachers i got graded 2.4285699999999997/5. i can send pics for proof. but ya so now i have to do prealgebra and stoopid stuff tomorow all freaking day. rant over might add l8r lmao rawrz btw this is completely seriouse tldr; school is mad no one drank the tonpa juice	11
insta is down so i can't post on my meme page h	4
i feel like overeating rn i'm not even hungry, just semi-bored and food tastes good. i've already had like 2 snacks after supper and i know it's not good for me to eat out of pure boredom but holy shit the urge is strong. i'm holing myself up i my room so i can't see any of the food and cave in. bruh why is my brain tryina tell me to eat stuff when i'm not even hungryyyy. quarantine amplified my issues and now they won't go away ^(bruh help, this better not become an issue)	2
i was home alone with my dog today later virgins	0
i had a mail in my mail box it was a box of anthrax	5
there was just an earthquake in southern ca... i felt that	16
wouldn't it be funny if a glass pane fell from a skyscraper and decapitated me in a painless way haha jk unless	5
do you guys even look at the mail you get from colleges? like should i just throw it out or nah lmao im gonna be a senior next year and i have no clue what im doing for college or what im majoring in or anything like that	12
seems like everything is becoming gay and i'm so excited. first taylor swift mv and now gay and lesbian porn is in the top 10 categories on pornhub? oh yes, our future is gay indeed. honestly gay porn used to be so underrated and now it's climbing up. hmm i wonder why	17
evolution is amazing! this topic has always amazed me. for example how a land walking animal (pakicetus) is the closest relative to a whale. i mean how does that even work! you'd think whales would be related to sharks and dolphins but no! a land animal . would anyone like to have a conversation on this?	1
there's only one thing that i need to say now (*-*)	18
stood up again.. got stood up by that same girl again and could use some conversation from anyone whats your guys intrests, ill talk about anything.	6
that feeling when you text 3 of your friends to see if they want to hang out sometime during the weekend and none of them answer epic gamer moment	0
golfed for the first time man i suck	1
i just asked someone on a date for the first time in 17 years. she said yes. i'm not ashamed to admit i'm freaking out a little. that was... unexpected	5
8 years gone i lost my best friend of 8 years tonight. because of something i posted on twitter out of anger because i feel like she has a new best friend. i never deleted the tweet because it got buried so far down in my feed and i never thought about it. she found it and has basically told me to go fuck myself and said she's glad she saw my true colors and that i never cared about her which isn't true. i've cared about her for all the 8 years we've been best friends. my heart is hurting. it took her 2.5 seconds to block me off everything. facebook, instagram, snapchat, even my number. i feel like she was glad to be rid of me if she blocked me that fucking quick. her parents or her new best friend hasn't blocked me yet though. i didn't even get a chance to explain myself. i don't want you readers to think i'm one of those people who don't want their closest friends to have other friends. i want my friends to have a large friend group because i don't have that. but if i feel like it's something i did i'll immediately fall into a nervous wreck wondering what i did. i wondered the whole month why she was drifting away from me. we hadn't talked in a month before tonight. my gut feels like a ball of wires because of my anxiety right now. please tell me someone else has been through this	2
i'm getting vaccinated today fuck tetnis	0
do you ever feel like you have too many friends? lately i've been getting a lot of attention from people. i've been talking to new people (well, more like more people are talking to me), and asa result their friends have been talking to me, so on and so forth. i've basically become a meme, but in the actual sense of the word, not like image macros or ytp's. i've been getting approached by a fair handful of people every day, most of them being the same regular people, but also some new ones. i've been having a hard time keeping track of names and faces, and while i appreciate the attention, it's getting to be a bit much for me. i've always been a bit of a loner, if i may, so maybe i'm making this bigger than it needs to be. sorry if i'm using you guys to vent anyway, what's been going on in your lives lately?	9
hey all you generous redditers, what goes through your mind when you give away a dollar to a random person on the streets when they asked for it? i witnessed a man ask a woman for money. she proceeded to take her purse out and give that man the a coin he asked for. no talk of homelessness or anything like that. now personally i thought the man looked shifty and i wouldnt take out my wallet like she did next to him but lets not concentrate on that cause thats just an opinion... what goes through your mind to give someone your hard earned money in that manner?	10
i love reddit very much. people here are very genuine, helpful and inspiring, i never appreciated the app more than i do now! thanks to everyone, and to whoever reached out to me when i needed help.	3
i like this girl but she is in a long distance relationship with another dude. last time i went for a girl like this it didnt work out. i dont think its worth the time and effort kinda confused but why do girls be like this playing with your emotions? its like they know your into them and they just toy with you. so i'm going to let this one slide just wanted to share. thanks for listening	7
im really scared, i'm gonna die i forgot to share a facebook post to 5 people now the spooky ghost will haunt me	2
i'm bored y'all ask me a question and i'll ask you guys one love y'all	3
i brought my son to the 'doctor.' i'm writing this while driving home from the hospital. this all started when i dropped my son off at kindergarten this morning, he was complaining of a sore throats and had a loud cough. he was extremely reluctant to go, but i forced him because he's just a child what does he know . anyway getting back to the story, at work i got a call saying he had a high fever and was drifting in and out of consciousness, i wasn't worried as this happened many times when he was a baby. my son isn't vaccinated, i'm a real doctor (chiropractor) and have seen the effects of vaccines on children. the teacher informed me that he had been taken to the hospital. this was bad news as he was in the hands of the organ harvesters. i raced from work to the hospital, when i arrived he was in stable condition but was sleeping. i talked to one of the doctors bribed by big pharma about the treatment they had done to him. the doctor explained how my son had whooping cough and had all his vaccinations done. i was furious, they had given my son autism. i cussed the doctor out and ripped my son out of his room and drove off. i'm hoping he doesn't turn out like our other child, that died from his vaccines. but i'm getting back at the doctors. i'm forcing my son to go to school tomorrow to test the 'herd immunity' of the vaccinated kids. tl;dr i got my son vaccinated.	1
dang i was just part of the greatest thread in reddit history. it was lit and on this sub too fr	5
i think i might be a cat. i'm entertained by the smallest things so yeah.. think i might be a human/cat hybrid. i swear i'm entertained by the smallest things. a few years ago my sister got into drawing and she got this drawing kit. never really payed attention to it until yesterday.. the kit came with this eraser that's moldable into anything kinda like play dough but it doesn't leave behind crumbs or dry out. so i started to play with it and eventually i fell in love with it lmao i played with it all day and 3 hours after i knew i wanted one just to play around with it even tho i don't draw. i went online and tried searching for one. they were all taking 3-6 day shipping and i was like "fine i'll wait" 30 min after i decided i couldn't wait and went to walmart since i had to go anyway. didn't find any so next day i went online and got 2 of em. same day store pick up so win win :) got 2 in case i lose one. jumbo size ;) been playing with it ever since. i named him "squishy" :) lmao i'm 19 years old pretty sure i'm a cat	7
biggest biggest oof just saw a post about my post that was about seeing a post that they made that was about me	1
schools out frickers time for the summer	0
guys i have a confession... like a year and a half ago when i was in my dumbass conservative phase, i unironically watched kaitlin bennet, ben shapiro, and steven crowder please end my life for this	2
hookworm roundworm tapeworm heartworm whipworm they are my only friends because they stick with me through thick and thin	13
why does the reddit character creator not have the eboy haircut? cmon i have that one	4
hey guys what's 69 x 1.5	17
i messaged a girl saying that i shaved and she thought something completely different she was like send a pic so i did and i don't know what she thought because then she sent back a snap saying " i thought you meant you shaved somewhere else " like bru it's a jungle down there and i like it bushy i'm not shaving for no one. guys what's better bushy or shaved or slight hair? what's your preference?	7
i need validation pls !!!! ^(fillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfiller)	13
i'm never lucky in lucky draws. today i attended an event with my parents and they held a lucky draw. my parents got lucky but i wasn't so, as always. i think the only time i got 'lucky' was when they prepared gifts for every single attendant. anyone else unlucky in lucky draws or just anything?	1
my crush said no... i'm just gonna go watch youtube to drown out my sorrows. don't do it guys better to stay friends. he was so amazing too	2
there was a literal bitcoin mining tunnel in my dream. i had a dream that hundreds of people found out there was a tunnel on my property that had bitcoin they could take. they set my house on fire and they had guns. i kept trying to call 9-1-1 but my damn fingers were too fat. i kept calling 9-2-2. hours pass by in my dream and i'm still trying to dial 911. it never worked .i think i'm going to be a tad annoyed all day now.	4
girl are you reddit? cause i go deep down on you	5
odd thomas series question hello, fellow bookworms! i have a question: today i picked up most of dean koontz's odd thomas series at my local library's book sale ($3 for six books!!!) my question, for those of you who have read it, is will the books make sense if i skip the graphic novels? i'm not big on those type of books, but will absolutely purchase them if they're necessary to the books that came after - i just can't seem to find anything on google that will tell me if they're an integral part of the series, or if they're just kind of random stand alone pieces. i'm curious as to whether novella (you will be together forever) is needed as well. i'm trying to avoid buying unnecessary books, as my entire 30 foot floor to ceiling shelf is full to bursting, i have other books stored elsewhere in the house, and i am a book hoarder. apologies for any formatting or spelling issues, i'm on mobile and often get ahead of myself when i'm excited (which i am... $3 for six nearly brand new hard back books!!! whaaaat?!) thank you in advance for any answers! i've read the first two of these previously and had no idea that koontz had released more, so i'm excited to dive in again!	1
how do you identify the goals you set for yourself? tl;dr---- i don't know how to explain it really. basically i have no idea how to even go about recognizing/setting goals. long story longer, and to deep dive into my identity dilemma, my whole life i have simply been going with the flow. growing up i had absolutely no structure and i'm sure that had something to do with it. my parents were terrible people but my mothers the very definition of an addict (if you can get addicted to it, she'll find it). my dad works his ass off to give us what we need but we've remained at the upper end of poverty due to my mothers silent addictions. all that is pretty much to say i've stayed out of trouble and just kind of muddle threw life (29y). never picked up a book in high school but managed to graduate with a bare minimum gpa. i failed 9th grade and only found out when i was applying to college after the military. when i got my transcripts and decided to take a peek i saw "9-repeat" and couldn't believe it. how did i not know?! how did my parents not know?! anyway, story of my life. i was good at sports yet never spent a single moment working on those abilities on my own. good with women but never make it past a year before they're gone. i think it's because i have no drive. i don't know what i want out of life. honestly i thought i would be okay having "life a life that makes me happy and nothing else will matter" as my life goal. i've come to realize that it's a good philosophy to live by but i have to make that life. problem is... how do i even recognize goals i should be achieving? i don't even know what i want out of life or who i am. where do i start? this problem seems very insurmountable and i just want to go to sleep. i've never been one with a ton of extra energy. i've always considered myself to be a low energy well controlled person. as an adult though, it translates to "he has absolute no drive" maybe goal setting isn't the problem i need to fix first. any advice? the closet thing i've had to personal goal setting is -join military to have access to college -went to college -focused on accounting to be an accountant -switch to business admin because idk what i want to do and now that i'm here... idk... thanks people of reddit!	8
fixing my in-law's pc & discovered their into the same kink as my wife. so, i work in it repair. pc, tablets, mobile phones, that sort of thing. which means, as anyone in the field can attest, means giving free tech support to family and friends. so about 2 weeks ago, i'm at my wife's parent's house, taking a look at their sick desktop in return for having my father-in-law service my car. (he's a mechanic) anyway, fil comes back inside for a coffee break, and is asking me questions about how to sell stuff on ebay. i fire up a browser window, head to ebay and log into his account. my eyes immediately lock onto the fact in the "recently viewed" items are an assortment of horse riding crops. my mind logs this as odd, somewhere in the back of my brain, and moves on with the tutorial, my father-in-law finishes his coffee and heads back out to my car. i return to cleaning up his pc and scans, etc find a few things that are tied back to a bunch of bdsm / fetish porn sites, spanking videos, etc. now normally, after a decade of dealing with people's pcs, i have a very "no judgements" stance with this sort of stuff. at least the ebay searches for riding crops make sense... but my mind chose that moment to remind me that my wife has (somewhat) recently revealed that she's kinda into that sort of thing. we recently had a "dirty weekend away", where she revealed that she had recently purchased an assortment of paddles, whips, restraints, and things that vibrate (thanks fifty shades... i guess...?) *not complaining - lf it gets her off, i'll try just about anything at least once. * and now, from that day forward, whenever things have gotten a little... spicy in the bedroom, there's a part of my brain that's thinking "do you know that your parents are into this stuff too?" (i'm sure my wife does not have any knowledge of this, and to learn of it would mortify her to the point that we'd never have sex again.) tl:dr - fixing my in-law's pc, i discovered that they're into the same kink as my wife... now wondering if my wife's sexual appetites are genetically inherited, or learnt subconsciously.	10
i'm seriously dying for cock right now. i've never had sex or sucked dick but i want to so bad. i'm way too ugly and have no car to use grindr tho	4
i'm a girl but i want to be a dad, grandad, boyfriend, husband, etc and be called sir but i'm not trans. i don't know how to explain it filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	2
i haven't felt empathy in a while like i'll see something that'd make someone cry or be horrified and i'm just here like	7
tell me your favourite award tell me your favourite award, and if it's the same as mine i'll award it to you. one comment per person. replies excluded. good luck	18
announcement everybody i did not get the cheese bread i just got a pizza for $10 & saved like a million dollars my willpower ..... so strong ....	17
just ate a bucket of edible cookie dough and now i want to throw up but it was worth it	0
people praise sidewalks for keeping them off the streets... but what about nooses? they help keep me from hitting rock bottom for legal reasons: suicide is never the answer. if you are struggling with depression and have suicidal thoughts find a trusted person whom you can confide in. seek help.	0
have you ever overcome a difficult obstacle or achieved a goal and then became really depressed after? i'm on my phone and tired sorry for any mistakes blah blah blah i've tried to talk to some people about this and some agree but others just think there's something wrong with me. for almost the last 7 years of my life i have been trying to complete my bachelors degree. it was not easy but not that i'm done i feel completely depressed. i started going to school at a community college part time and worked full time to pay for it. i had to take summer classes every summer to try to keep up since i was only taking a small number of classes. when i completed my associates degree i decided to change my major so i spent another year at community college in order to transfer the maximum amount of credits. well i did it and was accepted to a university, everyone i talked to said how hard the transition was going to be but i killed it my first semester and made dean's list. then at the end of my first semester of my junior year i found out i was pregnant. i'm not looking for sympathy with this at all, my boyfriend and i were together for awhile and living together and are adults. we decided i would continue with school since i was so close. i made it through the spring semester and even took classes in the summer so i could graduate on time. i had my daughter and three weeks later went back to school. luckily i was in the position where i didn't have to work but it was still incredibly difficult. i was able to graduate on time and actually my last semester was my best semester. i also started a job i really wanted two weeks after i graduated. so i should be over the moon right??? and i am but... i've always has something finite to work towards and now that i don't i feel lost. im curious if others have felt this and what they did to help.	12
felt cute might delete later <url>	5
got an interview in 4 hrs, haven't slept for the past 4hrs. so here in kenya, at this moment it's 6am. i woke up at 2am having slept at 12am cause of interview jitters. oh, and my eye bags are showing. please tell me i am not the only one who gets this way.	2
i don't think i've ever been so excited to give someone a gift my girlfriend and i are coming up on our first anniversary together. we're both pretty big book nerds, her favorite book is the great gatsby. we've both never been what you'd call well off so neither have us ever have really splurged on a hobby like this. she lost her copy last year and i've gotten a collectors edition that's leather bound and inlaid with gold for her. she's going to absolutely lose it over it and i don't know if i can hang onto the surprise for the next 6 days	9
it's finally friday evening yay time to chill	17
posting everyday until i get my first kiss day 219 that awkward moment when half of chapter 1 in your novel has a reccuring spelling mistake	7
y sub went die no pog people online smh or maybe they are and just hiding smh	16
my bf (28) lied to me (f,24) for months about why he was fired, not sure what to do. so 9 months ago my bf got fired from where we both (and i still do) work. he told me it was due to a call (contact centre) that went wrong, but his manager at the time told me that i didn't have the full story but due to dpa she couldn't tell me anything more, just that what i knew was categorically not true. so, our relationship prior to this was exceptional, no issues except small minor misunderstandings but since this happened, he's been so quick to temper and argue and has been throwing (i now understand to be) guilt induced accusations at me and then gaslit my - completely reasonable in my opinion - reactions to this, saying i'm just insecure and paranoid etc. i found out he stole money (we were kind of struggling at the time but i wouldn't say too bad, i managed the bills etc) and he lied about it to everyone. right after this, he had a mental breakdown (which i now believe to be guilt induced) and since then just lost himself completely. it all came out yesterday and is still completely raw. i confronted him, asked why and he said he originally took the money with the intention of paying it back but by the time he went to do that, it had been found out so he just panicked and lied to everyone, was ashamed and was scared i would have broken up with him (stupid thing is i wouldn't have back then) and next thing he knew it was one thing after the other and he was down the rabbit hole and didn't know how to begin to tell me. i don't know what to do, i don't know how to even begin to handle this - so far i've told him the relationship is over and that's final but internally i really want to forgive him, i just am so confused right now. any advice would be greatly appreciated tl;dr - bf lies about why he was fired, says he was scared i would break up with him when i found out - found out, what do i do now?	3
ok so let's be friends and talk on disc dont be 67 tho filler fjjshavavcnskaoieaygwgdhdhe w w ahhshaaj	5
my friends 10 year old brother got fatally shot he was playing football in the yard. shit popped off and a stray bullet hit him before he could run inside. my heart goes out to my friend, his family, and anyone else out there who's lost a friend or relative in a shooting. 2009-2019 rest easy lil bro	3
rip 41k karma people from my school found my reddit account. i suppose it wouldn't be so bad for a normal person but on the account, i had so much exposing stuff which people don't know about me in real life. pretty tragic for me then. it had 41k karma and 2 golds. well i suppose it was going to happen at some point considering it's the same as my email. i'm starting fresh with a new account, inspired by one of my favourite songs, sober ii (melodrama) by lorde. sitting in the back of a classroom while a couple of people at the front are discussing my eating disorders and succulent addictions well, that felt better i guess. how would you guys feel if you had to delete your reddit account and what do you think about 'fake internet points'	2
making a kevin hart reference happened like 2 days ago so im still a bit disheartened . anyways, i always had a thing for arab girls. mainly syrian/palestinian, man they are attractive. i met this girl about 2 weeks back and weve been hanging out occasionally. fast-forward to 2 days ago. my roommate was having a party so i invited her too. we ended up making out towards the end of the night and i was just about to hit the jackpot when she asked if i had a condom before we took this to the bedroom. i dont know what the fuck dawned on me to say the following line for reference, im a big fan of wildinout and i just saw an episode with kevin hart, so i thought it'd be funny to make a reference to the show since we both love it. "of course! when i cum, i cum correct!" her eyes pierced my soul in the blink of an eye. it was too late to take it back. the gods shifted the scales and the tables were turned against me. in my experience, the worst possible outcome of telling a bad joke is explaining it right after. so we just sat there and we took 20 steps back (went from making out to chit-chat), i could tell she was drastically turned off. 2 mins later she waved goodbye and disappeared into the crowd. note to self: never make jokes before sexy time again. tl;dr: got cucked by kevin hart. p.s: if a joke like that turned her off then we definetly werent meant to be. but god she was hot.	9
todas as coisas lindas nao sao mais que uma desilusao eu nao sei como viver a vida sem me limitar aos prazeres materiais. quanta gente trabalha o ano inteiro e passa a vida sem ver o que deus nos deu. "o mundo e para que nasce para o conquistar e nao para que sonha que pode conquista-lo, ainda que tenha razao". mais deus se esquece deles.	2
holy shit guys so it's my birthday today and my mom just reminded me that i was born at 4:20pm. so you know, i'm pretty cool	0
so...what should i get with my amazon gift cards? i've got $100 in gift cards and there a few things that i wouldn't mind but can't decide on. 1. mass effect tali [funko pop](<url>) 2. mass effect 2 limited edition print [second most expensive item]( <url>) 3. the platinum plaque of appetite for destruction - the most expensive [item]( <url>) figured a lot of other people got amazon cards and are in the same dilemma as me so let's discuss	8
today my dad told me i was among the 1% he also told me condoms work 99% of the time	0
i might be single but i don't know it so, my girlfriend been under a lot of stress with work recently, especially considering she got a new job a month or so ago. anyway, she started becoming fairly distant a couple weeks back. she stopped replying to the couple of texts i sent her, so i assumed she needed space. after a couple of days of not talking she texts me saying the following: "hey *insertmyrealnamehere* thank you for checking up on me but at the moment i think i need some time to myself, i hope that you understand. i will text or call you when i'm ready to talk, but for now i am kindly asking for you to be respectful of the choice i've made, i hope to speak to you shortly, " i replied saying that that was perfectly fine, and that i'd give her the space she needed. anyway, that was a week and a half ago and i haven't heard from her since. this is strange since we used to talk daily and see each other a few times a week. so yeah, not sure if she just ghosted me and didn't want to break up, or if she does plan to just have a week or two to herself before giving me a call.	3
new concept instead of people saying "i'm on that weird border of being both a millennial and genz" they should just say they're millennialz	0
what's your favorite thing to get at taco bell? i usually get the steak power menu bowl w/ no guac, or a bean burrito. what do you guys get? i might like to try something new	6
attention pedos of r/teenagers dms are open hot n' ready taking one for the team boys	2
girls!!! what do you want from us??? please tell us!!! we dudes are clueless!! do you want someone kind? do you want someone funny? does non of it matter because im unattractive?? i just want someone who won't make fun of me or call me gay... is that too much to ask for?	2
i've gotten myself into a job affair :( i've been applying for jobs since three years ago but never had any luck: first i got into a severe accident and couldn't work for almost a year, then i'd gotten to an age where you're basically too expensive for a part-timer. since i'm a law student and alone i can't work for more than 15-18 hours a week and most employers don't want to hire people my age for those hours when they can hire a cheaper 16-year-old to do the same job. so it wasn't unusual i had several open job applications at once in hopes that just anyone would hire me. recently i finally got hired by a firm but found i didn't enjoy the work at all. but work is work, right? and now i suddenly got a call from a firm i'd been wanting to work at for at least two years now. if i could come in for an interview. i turned in my application a while ago, around the same time i applied for the other job. since i hadn't heard from them i assumed i wasn't chosen. i went, despite having a job already, partially because i'm just really not having a good time and also because i felt this was my one chance and to turn it down would be a mistake. so not expecting much, i went. the interview went really well though. the manager was super nice and the team immediately introduced themselves and wished me luck when he left. i'm hearing tomorrow if they want to hire me. now i don't know what to do.... my current boss is really nice, but the field doesn't fit me and the work hours are not flexible at all. it's also a kind of small business so there's not much room if i were to be sick or unavailable. the firm i've been wanting to work for is in the same field as that i have experience in, is known to be a good employer in my area and has a big team and very flexible hours. it would be easier for me to work during daytime when i'm free and nighttime when i have classes so i could make much more hours than i possibly could here. i don't know what to do if i get hired... how do i go from here? everyone in my environment tells me it's okay to quit for a better job, so why do i feel so guilty and bad??? maybe if my boss wasn't such a nice guy i wouldn't feel so bad... :( i feel like i've done a terrible thing even though it's really more fitting for my life currently. i need the money and some socialising in my life and i just can't work this many hours in this firm! what do i do... how do i not get hired for over a year and then suddenly catch the interest of two at once?! i wish the firm i wanted would've responded to my application sooner anyone else ever "cheated" on their job like this..... feeling like a terrible person lol i'm a mess!	4
guys i hate to say it but i need a hole don't ask why tho	5
my dad got really mad and broke more shit again he broke the tv and keyboard	14
u guys are so nice take that heart at homo or no homo idc	3
the pedos are punching the air rn cus it's still text post weekend rip in peace to the selfie trend gonna miss all the pedos	15
i have to go to school and leave my new kitten at home she is sitting by me and purring	4
i love you dum dum u know who u are	5
lookin for some cute gay boys... plz hmu i'm lonely here are the requirements * cute *male * no pedo	13
mother in law shows up unannounced and takes ovwr my entire house!!!! i (38/f) have been married to my husband (38/m) for 17 years. it hasn't been perfect, but we are happy and make the best of life. we have 2 teenage son's and my elderly, retired mother lives with us and shares bills and responsibilities with us. my mother in law (62/widowed/never had a job before in her life) "lives" out of state in alaska, & we are in california. she thinks it is okay to just show up at our house anytime she wants, and takes over everything making me feel very upset and angry. she acts like she is oblivious to my unhappiness, but i wouldn't doubt she knows how i feel! i don't hide my feelings well. she takes my bedroom, i am now sleeping on the floor in the extra room that my mother (72/single/retired) used for her crafts and things. i cannot go into my own room during the day because now my mother in law just lays in there the entire day staring at her cell phone games or whatever. she took over my personal bathroom, my backyard, garage, everywhere!!!! she chain smokes and i am allergic to cigarette smoke. she tries to wash her hands after smoking, but honestly it stinks up my entire house and my elderly mother who live a with us for the past 17 years, is now suffering from the smoke smell. she goes to bingo 3-4 times a week blowing money she doesn't have, and comes to us crying for money when she is waiting on her next ss check to come in. it's like clockwork each month. i don't know what to do. i want to ask my husband to have her leave, but he won't take it lightly. at this point, it's either her or me, and i don't think my husband deserves to have to make that choice. can anyone please give me some advice on how to let my mother in law know that she just isn't welcome to live and take over everything in our home??? it is ruining my marriage and honestly my life. i am miserable when she is around and i feel like giving up on life. she smothers me and doesn't leave me alone about anything. i try to stay respectful, but am at my witts end. please help me reddit family. tl;dr: my mother in law shows up at our house from our of state un-announced and takes over my bedroom, bathroom, and everything basically without care. how can i ask my husband to tell her she is not welcome to do this anymore?	4
not sure if i should go for this guy i'm 17 and he's eighteen, i've liked him this entire school year and never had the nerve to say anything. now it's the last week of school and i don't know what to do. i know he's out of my league but don't know how far out of my league he hasn't had a girlfriend for like two years but i know i can't be the only one who thinks he's attractive. i'm afraid of going for it and getting rejected or laughed at.	1
why is it so hot whyyyy i doubt even stripping butt naked at this point would help, it's so damn stuffy and hot	16
just got out of the er/hospital 7 hours ago (fell asleep right after coming home) i was having thoughts that were *too spicy.* ^(...suicidal. i was actively suicidal and had suicidal thoughts.) anyway, being handcuffed was nice. *time for school! :)*	0
being nervous like most tifu this didn't happen today but years ago. when i was in second grade i took a test and passed. i got a good score, so i was put in a gifted class. there was this one girl that was cool. we talked and became friends. eventually i developed a crush on her. a big one. i felt like she liked me because she always go with me anywhere and we would always talk. then one day, towards the end of the year, i was studying for something and she comes behind me. she then says, " do you like me?" i was like, this is it, i can tell her how i feel! this is where the fu comes in. i started getting nervous. not knowing how love works i said, " i can't tell you." whenever i think about what i said, i cringe. she said ok and left kind of sad looking. when the school year ended. i was kind of sad. i wanted to see her again. after summer ended i found out she was gonna be in my class again. i was super happy. and then i heard even more news. she transfered to a different school. i was heartbroken. now flash forward to now. i'm in middle school and she is in the same school. i want to tell her i like her, but i'm not even sure she will remember me. plus, i'm too embarrassed to tell her since she is always with friends. my opportunity has now slipped. edit: spelling	14
i have a dominant / outgoing personality i think but im super submissive on the inside + sexually lets goooo	0
ecosystem disturbances disturbance: the bee movie and an event that causes damages to an ecosystem like natural disturbances and human disturbances	13
see you all on christmas! i'm going to go to sleep but when i wake up it's gonna be crimus! i'm so excited	6
anyone else just got the jessie theme song on repeat in their head now? rip cameron boyce	3
the average human life expectancy is 27,375 days don't forget to make each and every of them count <3 hope you have an amazing day, you're doing amazing and i love you.	3
i may be lonely...	2
i'm usually the one that reaches out. the one that's first to help, the one to offer support and advice. but now, im coming up alone. warning: this is really long so you don't really have to read it if you don't want. i can't tl;dr it since it's a bundle of thoughts which aren't exactly coherent. but i still love you all so i had a very long, very dark depressive period that lasted about three years, and started in 2014. i was 14, going through some stuff at home and had no one to talk to. my family has always been pretty bad. arguing over everything, fighting pretty much every day since i can remember, and basically just being two people that shouldn't be together. they said, and to this day still maintain, that they're together for me. i love them for that, and respect their efforts to stay together for me, but it cost me my childhood. i love them, and will love them forever because i am where i am now because of them. but my childhood was robbed from me. caught up in their fights, trying to fix their problems and then blaming it on myself when they wouldn't stop. back then i couldn't talk to anyone. i'm an only child, and had nowhere to run. upon finding that i seeked guidance from a school counselor, my family got angry, leading me to believe that my emotions were meant to be bottled up. i got over that period. life got busy, things moved on and eventually i grew out of that mindset for a while. in that time, i grew into someone that could be relied on for things. mental issues, problems at home, sorting out issues between people, pretty much anything. and i've always been happy to do so. but now, i'm slowly falling back into that depressive state. university isn't going well, and things at home are getting worse. even though i have people that talk to me every day, seeking help or a general conversation, none of them are interested in me. no one asks if i'm okay. if something's wrong. if i need to talk. i fall into periods of deep thought sometimes where i think about all of this and it balloons into dark and sinister thoughts. but then i come back to reality and all is well on the outside. i've always masked my feelings under humour. it's an old habit that won't die. i'm not complaining. for those who might see this as a cry for attention, or see me as a a whining bitch, i assure you that neither are true. i just wanted to let it out. i'm so alone. i just needed to say all of this. i've never talked to anyone about it. i hope this isn't too much. i'm sorry. thank you for reading if you got this far. it means a lot. i know life will move on eventually, and i'll be fine. i just wished it moved on faster. i wish someone would listen.	3
im worried about my p3ni5 so im 13, i started puberty in mid 2019 at 12 and a half years old, and right now my flaccid penis is like 1.5-2 inches, and erect is 3-3.25 is this small? im worried	4
i am horny gay seriously tho i'm *so fucking* horny lately and idek why just going to chop it off	0
life is so shit and boring i can't wait til i'm 16 so i can fuck off and join the marines	2
i don't.. i don't have a foot fetish stop... you are looking extremely cute todayyy js lol... so uh show me your hamsters feet? only if you want tho lol... just kidding... maybe? yor hamster consents? lol... i'm playing... seriously haha.... unless?	5
i hate this routine i'm in i stay in bed almost all day and go out at night. i don't enjoy going out anymore, it was fun for a little but after being out almost every night for the past week i'm so fucking tired of it. i'm 17, i just finished school. i can't go to college until next year so i have to wait just one more school year until i can finally break free. it's 4am now i can't fall asleep and i'm at someone's house. there's a bunch of people who are all 19-21. they all just took tabs and are spending it playing fortnite and being on their phones. they're in routine too. they wake up, smoke, talk about smoking, smoke more, brag about smoking, sell xanax to 15 y/o, and sleep. this is the group of friends people idolize and are intimidated by. i can't connect to any of them, only because i don't smoke or do drugs. i just have no other friends. it's so difficult for me to form legitimate friendships with people. it makes me so sad, the only form social interaction is through random people at parties or people who invite me for god knows what reason. not being able to connect to these people used to make me feel like shit. it doesn't anymore. i could care less about it, or anything for that matter. i just want to crawl away and become a hermit. it seems like my routine now is scrolling through social media, (simply because i am bored and i'm doing nothing else) posting my art which really is not good. i have little talent, i just have ideas and pens and pencils. i want to make things i love, i am so passionate for it. i don't know i just wanted to type all of this out. hopefully find someone who relates.	3
i'm so physically tired and everything hurts	2
i might leave this sub some people on here actually infuriate me and make me so angry . i know it sounds dumb but i just don't understand why or how people can be so fucking rude for no reason it's so stupid. there's also a lot of people on this sub who are also so fucking heartless i just don't get it. sooo maybe i'm saying bye but there is a high chance that i'll be back tomorrow because i have no friends irl so i come here but maybe i won't so bye to everyone who has actually helped me thank you so much and fuck everyone who were bitches.	1
am i crazy for wanting to touch my boyfriend all the time?! i am kinda new to reddit! my boyfriend is also on here sooo hi baby! my (21f) bf (24m) and i (been dating for about 3 months) have different ways of showing each other affection. i am a very physically affectionate person, i like to hold hands, hug and touch as much as possible. he on the other is not as physically affection especially in public. when we are alone, he's happy to do so unless he's cooking then i'm not allowed in the kitchen, which is fair as i'm pretty much just hanging off him. i'm not saying i want huge displays of affections, i just like hand holding when we are walking around in malls or grocery shopping. he feels like this is just a lot all the time. i am trying very hard to be less physically affection in public but honestly it's hard. he's just so damn cute! we've had more than a couple discussions about this and it does seem to help me understand that maybe i am a little to much all the time. i just don't know what to tell him when we do have these discussions, i just keep telling him i'm trying and he says he'll try to be a bit more physically affection but we have to find a middle ground. he's amazing and puts up with this silliness from me, i just wanna make him happy because he makes me so happy! i'm open for any suggestions if you guys have any! tl:dr i am to physically affection for my boyfriend and i'm trying to work on it	3
got my braces off yesterday very cool	0
i have 420 karma	0
it's that time of day ladies and gentlemen time to be antisocial and stay inside all day and then wonder why i have no friends and no social life	0
eating a pizza roll 2:16 am // i got hungry and was like "dayum, i bought pizza rolls today." so, i went to heat them up and once they were done i took them out and without even thinking, popped one into my mouth. at that moment, i knew i done fucked up. burned the fuck out of my tongue.	17
do you ever listen to a song and it's like a punch in the face of nostalgia? that's what just happened to me. nostalgic to when i was 11	0
17m. if anyone has any question related to boys i'll try answer them just trying to help	8
ok i was kind of joking before but the more i think abt it the more i like the idea like deadass i want my gf to kill me the only downside is i don't want her to like go to prison cause ya know i love her n stuff and prison isn't very fun but if she could do it without getting caught	10
brendon urie actually recognises me i doubt anyone cares about this but my favourite person, brendon urie, actually recognises me he says my name before he can even see it i just love that a big celeberity like him actually knows whomst i am, its very cool <url> the screen is weird because he doesnt know technology, sorry if no one cares i just think its cool also sorry fortnite is illegal but its worth it	0
i went to church for the first time in a few years. it felt really good. i am a really awkward 15 year old boy, and it had been a while since actually attending a service besides easter or christmas. (i still went to small group, though.) a friend started coming to my church, and she asked me to come too, so she wouldn't have to sit alone. like i said, i'm pretty awkward and not very social so a friend actually asking me to do something is a rare occasion, and i also figured coming would be a good way to put myself out there. long story short, i didn't end up seeing my friend, (it's complicated lol) but the lesson at both the sunday school and high school worship tonight both were very relatable and applicable to my life. i'm really proud of myself for starting to go again, but i don't really have many friends to talk about this too, but hopefully the kind people of reddit will listen and give me their thoughts!	19
anyone bored up for playing the number game? posted it on my profile since images are disabled here ........................................	12
hey babe, are you a god? cuz i want you to kill me instantaneously	5
i barely passed my ap euro exam yeah that's right, i know that hitler was the final boss in ww2	0
i'm [24m] feeling like an adult version of the kid from love actually right now... a couple nights ago i \[23m\] was at a bar in my hometown and bumped into an old classmate \[23f\] of mine from high school. long story short, i hadn't seen this girl in like 5 years and we totally hit it off. the cool thing was both of us were super excited for one another and we had a lot in common as we're both in grad school and following our passions. in fact, we were hitting it off so well that we started sharing fishbowls, dancing and laughing for most of the night up until the bar closed. once the night was over, we hugged and she told me to text her. the next day i texted her to plan going out again and she told me it was fantastic to see me and that she'd love to go out, however she needed to visit family and other loved ones over her short break (which i totally understand). the other problem is i live half way across the country from this girl and it would obviously be crazy to suggest starting something with someone you've spent 6 hours with on a night out. i wouldn't be so irrational about this however i just have this feeling about her and if i just did nothing i think i'd regret it. what should i do?... tl;dr: reconnected with a girl i hadn't seen in 5 years and unfortunately i really think i'm falling for her. we live half way across the country and i don't know if i should take a chance on this...	12
[tifu] by letting my aunt set me up on a date (this was a couple years ago) on vacation my aunt tells me that i've spent to much time with the family. she told me she knows a girl she would set me up with. two days later, at midnight, she shows up at my window and tells me to sneak out of the house. i fail at sneeking out (this causes problems but that's a story for another day). i head out with my aunt to pick up the girl, and she's not what i was expecting at all . we go to a club for a couple of hours. when we leave i am completely deaf in one ear and 90% deaf in the other. at this point i'm thoroughly pissed, and i just want to go home. [instead we drive to what i was told was a cabana.]( <url>) apperently there's some slang that i didn't pick up on... my aunt gets a room for herself, then she tells me not to waste any time with the girl. it's a weird comment, but whatevs. i get into my room with the girl when she says "i hate coming here, a lot of people get murdered here". then it all clicks. my aunt got me a prostitute... well fuck... -did i mention that i'm a bit of a romantic, and i'm not into casual hookups? -did i forget to mention that this was my first time? -did i forget to mention that this girl was mind blowingly hot 12/10? -did i forget to mention that i only recently dropped 100+ pounds, so my self confidence is still shit fucking low.? yeah so, performance anxiety... we played a very awkward game of strip rock paper scissors. i lost horribly. i try to tell her that i'm not feeling up to it, but she forces herself on me and gives me what i can only describe as a sad handjob. i barely get half erect when she pounces on me.... (im still not into it) long story short, i fake an orgasm. yeah ladies guys can do it too i run over to the bathroom and toss the empty used condom in the trash. i go back to the creepy bedroom (i'll describe it later if you guys want detail). the girl knows something is up. i get dressed and sit on the bed. she goes to the bathroom and comes back with the empty used condom. she proceeds spends the next half hour tearing me a new one (she was very creative with her use of insults.) afterwards we sat in silence and waited for my aunt to pick me up (4 hours). i finally get home at 6 am, and my mother tears me a new one. she tells me that she's ashamed that i would rather prefer to hang out with her sister instead of her. she assumes that i don't want to hang out with her because she is old. since that day she's stopped dying her hair and working out. tl;dr: my aunt set me up with a prostitute. had to fake an orgasm. she found out tore me a new one. i inadvertently broke my mother's heart and made her feel old. also i'm deaf now.	1
imma be real with you i am absolutely fucking terrified of my parents, and especially terrified to tell them about my mental health, or ask for anything	5
15m pm or ask stuff i like some games, sports, etc. high iq so i passed my classes	0
moving across the country in a matter of hours. feeling both excited and nervous! anyone else move to a place where you didn't know anyone? i'm moving to san francisco after living in boston for 6 years! i spent the past month and a half staying at my parents place in atlanta. i didn't expect to be sentimental about leaving at all, but my mom was crying as she was waving goodbye to me which automatically made me tear up . anyways, has anyone else moved far away from home to a place where they didn't know a single person? what was your experience like? i guess i'm lucky to be moving to sf since it seems like everyone just moved there.	14
i just watched the last jedi for the first time. and i must say that i'm thoroughly unamused. now, i just got into the star wars series as of last year, so i'm kind of a noob (some people might say i don't have a right to complain). but, i've absorbed so much material and joy from it that i just consider myself a nerd now anyway. i can't even really point out what was so bad about it because it hit me on a deeply metaphysical level . going from the phantom menace all the way up to episode 8, it's like the story just gets really weird going into the force awakens. personally, i can't stand how luke was handled because he's my favorite jedi and i just feel like his character was butchered. he didn't even get a real damn fight sequence.	1
i [19f] can't fully trust my bf [22m] for drawing another girl and sending it to her. can i trust him again? backstory: my boyfriend \[22m\] and i \[19f\] have been together for about eight months now and it's ldr. everything has been great, and we try our best to visit each other when we can. long story short, one of his hobbies is drawing and he's actually pretty good at drawing people specifically. we have a lot of mutual friends through greek life and it's how we met too. there was an incident that happened a couple months ago where he saw a girl's selfie on instagram and was "inspired" to draw her. but the thing is, he drew it in the type of way that made her look more flattering? (or at least this was his perception of her? kinda like that anime-ish style) and i found out because she put it on her insta story tagging him. saying "oh my gosh, thanks for making my day @him <3". he's only ever met her once at a party we went to together, and i personally see her often when i go out. of course, when i saw her story i got really jealous and furious. like the idea of him sitting around for awhile drawing this girl into detail that he thought was really good looking and then proceeding to send it to her made me really upset. and i confronted him saying i didn't care about him drawing, but the fact that he sent it to her made me extremely uncomfortable and what he did could be seen as something else. heck if some guy drew a cute picture of myself that i met once at a party i'd be either creeped out or flattered depending. but she clearly was happy from his gesture. he responds by saying that i'm overreacting, that he made her day, that in no way that it's cheating, accusing me of being controlling by not letting him draw girls (which i didn't even say at all) and that he didn't even know that she was going to post it on her story. even then i'm still just so upset at the fact that he sent it to her. like look, i wouldn't have cared if they were close buddies, but dude you only met her once. he even went as far as using pornstars' as an argument on how they separate work from their love lives; okay buddy your drawing is just a hobby like did you really have to pull that out. in conclusion, the fight was bad, but we eventually talked it out and he said he misunderstood me and won't ever do that again. the fight took a toll on me and made me question my trust for him a little, considering he was arguing how happy he made the other girl and that i was overreacting to begin with when he should've just understood how uncomfortable it made me. my insecurities and fears got the better of me and one weekend when he came to visit, i went through his phone while he was sleeping. and lo and behold, i found out he lied to me about not knowing she was going to post it because she explicitly asked for a better pic for her to post it, which he happily sent. and the conversation went kind of like this: him: hey! i saw your pic on insta and wanted to draw you her: oh my gosh!! this looks better than me, thanks so much!! can i have a better pic to post on insta? him: sure! and don't say that, it's you so of course you look good her: (heart emojis) thanks so much you made my day!! <3 i was pretty guilty snoopy and finding out he lied messed me up on top of my fear becoming true that she was going to be so sweet on him for the gesture. i told him what i did and what i found out. and ever since then the trust in our relationship took a blow and sometimes i catch myself wondering what else he's hid from me. with how the fight went down, and me resorting to what i did, i wonder if the trust can ever go back to the way it was. even though he forgives me for going through his phone and understanding why i did. he's aware of how much damage was done and tries to prove to me that he won't ever hide things me again and wants to regain my trust. things have been going fine ever since, but what happened still eats at me now. what should i do and can the trust ever go back to the way it once was? -thanks for reading!	6
my (15f) boyfriend (14m) shamed me for being confident in my body because his female friend (17f) is self conscious as well he's done this before, when we were just friends, he's done it 3 times on a live stream. i'm not confident in my body, never have been, so on the days that i'm feeling really good about it and wear shorts and t-shirts are really rare. i recently made a tiktok video (cringey i know) wear the audio was basically "i have shaved my legs *puts leg on counter* feel them becky" i'm proud of my legs i work hard to keep them the way they are with constantly doing leg workouts. i know my boyfriend meant well by telling me not to do that but i'm more upset at the way he worded it. we mostly talk in discord because we're ldr (yes i know hate me all you want, but i've never dated in real life). this is basically how the convo went: bf: *sends video i made* what the fuck is this? me: i was feeling confident today and wanted to do a bit of a funny video bf: dont fucking brag about your body! do you have any idea how that makes other people feel? me: ? bf: what if some girl saw that video and thought "this is the way i'm meant to be my body isn't good enough" it's sad that you have to beg for attention like this! ...so because some unknown girl is self conscious as well...i can't be confident in my body? ok. me: i'm sorry, i won't do it again. bf: well there's no point in saying that now, (one of his female friends) saw that and wants to kill herself now because she thinks she's overweight! ok hold up let me give you some insight on this female friend, she is 17, is clearly at an unhealthy weight, and constantly flirts with him, i say nothing because i know that will make him mad but oh no a guy friend makes one little joke that could be taken as suggestive is flirting with me and i'm cheating on him? alright then. bf: my legs are fat and they look better than yours! ...alright then thanks for shooting down my confidence we were meant to video call tonight because i haven't seen him in over a week but every time i ask he just says "later" i've since ignored his messages and have been constantly looking in the mirror and all of a sudden my confidence level has dropped, now i'm constantly thinking about how his female friends might react if i'm confident in my body. i have no idea how to tell him to not speak to me this way and how it effects my confidence tl;dr boyfriend shamed me for being confident for once because his female friend is self conscious as well	9
oh my god i can't believe it, i'm getting married married with u/cyanonitrogen in moviestarplanet later virgins	0
i'm not allowed to call him 'my boyfriend' until he gives me the say so [advice] i've been dating this great guy for about 3 months now. it's going swimmingly i guess. never had a relationship before so i'm confused. i asked "where do you think it's going? and when my friends ask - can i refer to you as my boyfriend?" he said and i quote "it's going good and hope it continues. but i need 6 months to 1 year for me to call you my girlfriend as the last time i dated i went way too fast and she fucked me over. it takes me at least 1 year to see long term potential (we're both asian and muslim so the end goal is marriage and that often happens within a couple of years. he has told me that he would date 3 years max before getting married). you can't refer me as your boyfriend until i give the say so. you can refer to me as a guy you're dating. besides, putting a label on it would not make our relationship stronger or weaker." note: we have been exclusive (not seeing or dating anyone else) since the 1st month (5th date). we've been on 11 dates so far and hang out at least once a week. he's mentioned i don't blow up his phone (as in messaging and calling) compared to other girls he has dated. forgot to add, this dude looks like a model and could pretty much get any girl he could want so im not really sure what he sees in me lmao? he also said, "you can call me anytime you want. don't you miss the sound of my voice?" i've tried calling him over the last 2 weeks and he always picks up and never wants to get off the phone tl:dr: been dating cute guy for 3 months. am not allowed to call him my boyfriend until he says so to other people. so guys and gals of reddit, is this guy a fuckboy and will never commit? or should i just wait it out and see how it goes? what would you do?	1
i have to go to the dentist tomorrow i'm so scared it's 8am lmao and i haven't slept yet. need to wake up at 3pm. and i fucking hate the dentist. i'm excited for my fucking teeth to be fixed and stop hurting but yeah i have to get root canals and shit	4
last night i was set up by a friend with my crush on messenger and guess what, i never texted her she studies in a different school now	2
happy no juul july i hope y'all manage to restrain from your nicotine addiction	0
not doing good rn zoo wee mama	18
help me out here, i'm so confused so i was talking to my crush on snap meanwhile she was on a houseparty call with 4 other girls from school (one being her best friend) while i was snapping her, her best friend adds me on houseparty with her 3 accounts (main and 2 alts) anyone have any idea why	1
anybody else barely even alive anymore i literally just lay in bed all day because i have no motivation or willpower to get up because i know there's nothing there for me. college went online and now i'm stuck at home with my mom and she won't let me move out which means fighting and no seeing friends for the next like three months which are about to suck ass. i really don't have anything to look forward to or going on in my life i kinda just keep falling down and collapsing into myself and getting smaller and smaller. i can feel my brain going back to the dark place i used to be in but my body just keeps walking around like a zombie. i don't feel alive or like a human being i just want everything to end and make the pain go away i don't even feel like a teenager. i never did. i never had those experiences and it's too late now. i don't feel anything and i just want to feel i want to feel alive i want to laugh and have fun and do what i want i just don't want to be afraid all the time anymore please just let me feel something	0
favorite music what are some of your favorite songs to listen to? post on the comments below. please do not demean people for their taste in music. thanks j cole middle child <url> sorry for terrible formatting(on mobile)	19
friends girlfriend laugh a lot from my jokes so for the past month me and a couple of friends have met pretty regularly, and one friend has gotten into a new relationship. it's fun to be around them. but something i just ponder about now is that i make a lot of casual jokes without thinking much about it, and my friends girlfriend starts laughing like crazy - very often. and then i researched a little on relationships dynamics and it seems to be pretty common that guys become jealous whenever their girl starts laughing at another mans jokes. and i think my friend might feel a little jealous, or not, i don't know. should i stop making jokes (being myself) now? i certainly don't want anyone to feel jealous	9
i dont feel so ugly anymore since my bf says i'm hot	0
my friend texted me asking if i wanted to ride bikes and of corse i did so i met up with him and we road on the highway to our friends house to see if he wanted to come with and he was home so he got his bike too and we rode around town just like the good old days	8
anyone wanna chat or something idk i'm just kind bored we could just chat ^^^or ^^^^^maybe ^^^^^^^^^^sext nahh jk jk unless	5
i saw alice cooper at my church today	0
tifu by almost blowing up my best friends dad... and neighborhood. this happened a few years ago. i'll start with the back story, in the early 90's i lived on a tiny island in the middle of the pacific ocean, kwajalein. it is now a missile defense base for the us armed forces but it featured prominently in wwii, you can look up the details but i think it was shelled for multiple days by the largest us armada ever assembled- or so says the island folklore- before the united states took it back from japan. total population in the 90s time is roughly 2000 and everyone knows everyone... for better or worse. anyway, so i'm about 6 years old, it's summer, and i just learned to ride my bike with no training wheels; i'm basically king of the world. i tell my mom i headed to my friends house (less than a mile away) and so i get on a pedal that direction as fast as my 17inch legs can take me. my best friend, let's call him g, meets me half way as our parents always arrange and we start towards his house,... but wait! what's this right beside the road? a giant sand pile, it must be 60 feet tall (to a 6 year old) and it is impossible to resist. so we do the natural thing and throw down our bikes and jump right in to see what kind of treasures might be awaiting us in this (newly excavated) unexplored territory. we dig for a while pulling out shells and neat looking rocks until something bigger catches our eye. it's a huge rusty bottle! what could be inside? what could it mean? why have i never seen anything like this before?! we naturally decide it is the most valuable of our treasures, and so we decide we half to get it home, unfortunately it weighs about 10lbs so we have to choose between the bikes and the treasure. easy choice. the big metal club bounces down the road as we, kick/drag/drop it all the way back to gs house to impress his family with our impressive excavation. just as we make it to the front door of his house in the "new" housing section (basically this was just 6 or 7 rows of military town homes, probably housing around 60 - 80 families total) his dad opens the door, his smile at seeing our little sweaty, pudgy, faces quickly fades however as he notices the huge, brown, roughy cylindrical, pile of rust we have just dumped at his feet with pride. he, having been trained to recognize uxo, quickly realizes that we have just thoughtfully delivered a wwii era 81mm mortar round directly onto his doorstep the next moments flew by as the entire neighborhood was cleared out, the bomb squad was called, and we were sent outside the parameter of 200 meters from our precious treasure we had so arduously worked for. needless to say everyone on the island new what had happened in about 37 seconds and who was responsible for interrupting their dinner time with a literal bomb. the next week in school we learned all about how to recognize and avoid uxo and to never play in excavated sand (btw, my mom, who was beyond embarrassed but also pissed that her child was the one who almost killed half the island) raised hell about them leaving that out without filtering through, they finally did and found 3 more, and larger, bombs in the same pile and a japanese grenade on the playground, and they discovered that the convenient piece of metal that stuck out of the ground at the golf course that everyone used for teeing off was actually a torpedo.... since then uxo recognition is done every year at the elementary and high school there and they filter through every construction sand pile. as an aside, unfortunately not everyone was as lucky as us, on a near by island that no longer has a us presence (and therefor no bomb squad) a 12 year old marshallese boy was killed by a uxo detonation. tldr: brought home wwii mortar as a child, while neighborhood was evacuated, parents were mortified, everyone had to have education about uxo for ever-after. [link about uxo in rmi](<url>)	6
i want friends lol hi, im tess. and im lonely as fuk. im turning 17 on the 20th, and uh, im from canada. i'm schizophrenic, but i'm also just a chill, but sometimes high energy person. be my friend	13
if i cant make money off my tourettes then why do i have it srsly wtf is the point if people arent payin me to blink !!!! this is crap	7
why do so many people think i'm a guy even some of my male online friends thought i was a guy until we had our first call together or i sent them a photo of myself simply because "i vibed so well with them"	1
anyone relate? thst feeling when you refresh your inbox and it takes a while but there is nothing new	15
on a crowded train cold cold morning so decided to wear 2 pairs on thick socks. sitting on a busy train and i have an itch around the heel/arch of my foot. refusing to scratch it but it is making me pull some odd faces. i wonder what these other passengers think of me	10
comment below and i'll roast you based on your post history i'm bored and got nothing better to do so yeh 🏼	18
i like when guys call me ma'am hits different	18
just woke up in the middle of the night and gonna shower and then stretch for whatever reason i got no idea why i just can't finish my day without stretching it bothers me not to fuck this is gonna take an hour at least. thanks for coming to my red talk guys i know you loved it	2
i can't wait to get a xiaomi redmi note 8 pro from a bad phone to a "high-end" one . everyone has iphones, huawei phones and samsungs while my phone will be litteraly cool(because of the liquid)	0
since when did society started to place sports at same level as education? being at sports team and games excuse you from classes? wtf? why. education is much more important! sports is extracurricular. thought if ask here	10
fuck hormones fr im horny at 9am i haven't even eaten breakfast or got out of bed yet. fuck.	16
my parents are taking me to florida for the summer vacation wish me luck boys	2
me (19m) met a girl(19f) which i got along with and then got ghosted. throwaway because ya never know. on mobile yada yada. english not my first language, sorry. very long text, tldr in the end. long story short: i matched with this girl on a dating app and i thought to myself: "this shitty dating app won't go anywhere far so let's not take this seriusly". this way of thinking made me overcome my shyness and lack of social skills and actually managed to pull of a chat (she was the first sending a text tho). info: this was my first time talking to somone on a dating app fast forward 24h: we already texting on instagram fast forward 24h: we already texting on facebook fast forward 48h: we are texting on whatsapp. fast forward another 48h: we are already texting almost 24/7 (i'm exaggerating, but you get the idea)(note: 70% of the time, she was very slow replying altough i knew she knew i replied, but i am ok with that) and we are on each other "close friend list" on instagram. from now one we talked nearly every day, about how it went, what are we doing, thoughts on anime, how fucking sad i am from eating ramen nearly every day yada yada you get it. and at this point i really forgot i was texting a girl from a dating app, although we matched based on our looks, i was really interested in her personality (but i wouldn't mind at all dating her, if you ask) and i was having a blast talking with her, to be honest, its the first time in the last 5/6 years i've been so happy talking to someone. i forgot that the app was for hook ups and was instead focused on building a good long lasting friendship. fast forward 3 weeks: we where nearly on the 1 month (of knowing each other) mark and on am avarage late night whatsapp session with her, we where talking shit on one another and at one point i had the sad idea of making one bad insensible joke(about a recent love denial she got) . the reply to that joke was something like "okayy, i'm going to block you" and she turned out grayish. i waitied 5 minutes because i thought it was a joke. i checked in on instagram and yep blocked. now, i think to myself: " r/tifu " i check on facebook, bingo, she forgot to block there and i send her a pm saying something like "are you really pissed off at me?", she reads it, she blocks me 1s later. i leave it there, i go to sleep in the edge of crying and on the next day i send her a text apologizing from what i did and shit which she replies something like "you where really worried? i was pissed off but i am ok now, don't do it again" and i replied "oh thank god, so you going to leave me on the black list orrrrr?" and i got a kindda negative answer. once again, i leave it there, locked my phone and went thru my normal avarage day. i've spent the next week with this shit floating on my head and at some moments i couldn't believe that i've lost what i thought was a good friendship to a shit like this. fast forward 5 days: she unblocks me from everywhere but don't send anything nor adds me in any social network. this lasted aprox. 1 month, i didn't say shit, i didn't had a single interaction with her. on month goes by and we are the the present. +/- 3 days ago she sent me a text on facebook messanger all drunk like: "hi" which i ignored and she sends another one "say something" and i reply "something" and she replies "i'm drunk" and i reply something like "hah you drunk, let me help you, you don't want to text me, you will thank me later" and to this she replied "nah, i already wanted to text you" i was confused and we chatted a bit, always giving her short and dry replies, i wasn't really in the mood for chitchat. she then goes on "oh sorry mode" and i said to her i wasn't hangry at her, just sad for her actions and disappointed and wanted to know why and she goes with the generic answer of "because i am an idiot" which i didn't buy. i told her to leave this to another day and to have fun on the party she was attending (i was not going to dicuss this while she is drunk) the next day she texted me (like nothing in the past 2 months happened [this pissed me a lot inside]) to talk about the party we both where attending (it is a big event in the city so it was a pure coincidence) and in the party we actually met each other for the first time (side note, looks even better than in the pictures). i was 5/10 drunk, so no stupid drunk shit talk but already "loosen" so i didn't had any talk, just shit about the party "where we heading now, bla bla bla" today: we chatted, avarage chat, i feel a slight disinterest in the way she chats. she added me on instagram, i added back and added her to close friends list (i have way more than just close friends on that list anyway) and thats it. why i am posting this? because i want to know what the fuck this means. i suffered a lot with the "ghosting" and then she came out of nowhere all drunk saying that she wanted to text me!? srsly, this got me 300% confused. tl;dr: after deeptalking for 1 month i got ghosted and after another 1 month she sends a text saying she wanted to talk with me. don't understand the meaning of this.	1
yeah my superhero snoo saved the teenage boy snoo soo not to flex but i saved us all from internal sadness	0
falling asleep on a long school trip so, ive been on a grueling 3-day trip with a bunch of kids from my grade touring different colleges, and today is the final day, were getting back home at around midnight. so im tired af, literally, sleep wasn't exactly something you do when roomed in a hotel with your friends. anyway, as i said earlier were heading home rn, its like a 7 hour drive, and since im tired i decide to sleep. didnt think much of it. i wake up, find out were about to drive into a burger king, nothing special. and then, i check my snap to see multiple friends of mine sent me videos of the absolutely oof way i fell asleep. my legs were sprawled out, my head completely up to towards ceiling, mouth wide open. it was bad. my panic slowly crescendos as i watch even more and more friends tell me about the way i was sleeping. just making jokes about it and all that. it got worse when i started hearing other students, that i dont talk to, talking about a dude that looked funny while he was sleeping. neato. it gets worse. after all of the realising everyone was nonchalantly making fun of my sleeping position, i realised my literal ex was sitting less than a foot away from me. yee yee kiddos: oof. its been kind of a petty anger towards each other for about 2 years now so i know she had to have taken pictures and probably sent them to other people. so thats my story. thanks for listening. tl;dr: i fell asleep looking like an idiot and literally everyone noticed it including my ex	9
i [32 f] have previously found out my 6 yr [37m] duration boyfriend has had 2 separate one night stands. i recently found these texts and believe he is cheating again. any input? i have been monogamous with my boyfriend of 6 years while there were two instances early in our relationship (1.5 and 2 years in) of him having one night stands. most recently i found some text messages with an unnamed contact in his phone. while we took a short break at the beginning of may, by the time these were sent was far after our break concluded, as well as after i found out my dog (who he says he loves after 6 years of a relationship) had emergency surgery and has a terminal cancer. without being able to post the pictures of the texts, here is a synopsis: him: 'how late are you working?' her: 'got off at 530' him: 'copy, guessing you are not in____ then' her: 'nope, at home with the dogs' him: 'copy, was going to see if you wanted to hang out' her: 'yes i do' him: 'i don't know what to do because i'm super tired so i don't want to drive there, but i don't want you to leave your dogs. how long of a drive is it to your place' her: 'i can come see you if that's an option. i'm off tomorrow and have time to kill' him: '12b is open. eta' 12b is his appartment number. then the next morning: him: 'hope you enjoyed your day off...fucker' him: 'that's a joke btw. i'm tired as fuck. see you tomorrow ' her: 'oh. i had a wonderful day off. thankyouveruch. i even got a 3 hour nap in before softball' then 3 days later: her: 'do you want to hang out this evening.. at my house?' him: 'i can't. i would like to but i am worried this is going to get complicated. drhot pockets (me) and i got back together and i am worried about creating workplace drama. i would be happy to talk to you about it.' her: 'not a problem at all, thanks for letting me know' him: 'i was thinking about inviting you over as well for company but, i was worried it would go elsewhere because of my actions. mainly loss of control' then a bit more of discussing whether they can talk. he swears up down and sideways that he didn't cheat, that they only hung out together with other people present, but i think he is lying through his teeth. what is a more objective opinion??	19
to all the nice girls i graduated with my degree and i packed my bags and moved to a new state by myself. i had so much anxiety about not making girl friends but i am so thankful for the girls i met. for some reason, girls are always harder to befriend then boys but i thank god every day that there are loving, caring, and thoughtful girls out there and that i've been introduced to a few of them. thank you for making this scary part of my life amazing.	3
mf's be like haha dw marcus i'm one of the boys aye i just don't like girls my age. i think i'm too intellectual like bitch, we all know you didn't know how to spell dvd yesterday maddie	7
imagine using another account just to post can relate	2
do you ever wish you lived in a different country? i often dream about living in japan/korea/america. i'm from australia and it's a great country because of how safe and privileged it is compared to others but there are a few reasons why i fantasise about living elsewhere. australia has a lack of entertainment. the best thing we have is movie world imo (a theme park) and all the exciting/worthwhile events happen in america or elsewhere. we don't have music festivals anywhere near as good as coachella or edc and we're lucky if our music festival line ups have more than 3 artists that we actually recognise. it's also rare for kpop groups to have a concert here- and you can forget about a fan meeting ever happening (i know it's not their fault though, and i don't blame them). then when the artist/group does come, tickets sell out in seconds and if you miss out- you have to wait years for them to come back... that's if they ever do. a lot of my interests involve japan, korea and america. i watch a ton of movies and my dream used to be to become a film director. people in australia don't really become film directors because australian movies/tv shows flop 99% of the time. i eventually stopped pursuing it and went for a safe course to study because i'd have to live in america to really get as much exposure and experience as possible. as for japan and korea, i'm a big fan of kpop, kdrama, korean culture and anime. their fashion and food also match my taste, i could eat their food everyday. i also have an obsession with cute things so the "kawaii" side of japan is like heaven to me . i just really appreciate the nature and cities there, they look so ethereal to me and i hope i can see it in real life soon. i might get called out for romanticising these countries because i know they come with negatives such as natural disasters and more, but i'm just saying what i love about them and why sometimes i wish i lived there.	1
i keep receiving notifications about school i only have two days left before school starts again please let me relax one more time	2
goodnight homies as always, love all of y'all no homo of course	3
what are your long and short term goals? hi everyone! trying not to knock out soo :) that and i'm having an internal conflict with my goals what are your long term and short term goals?	2
i'm lost. so i have this one english teacher. she's in the middle of strict and mean, but more on the mean side. out of everyone in my class, it seems like she likes me the least. today she was having conferences with everybody about our essays to get into high school. when it was my turn, as soon as i approached her desk she said: "girl, goodbye" and everyone kind of snickered at it. i think the reason she said this was because she must've forgotten that i told her that i would redo my essay, because the first one i wrote wasn't so good. i just don't know what to do anymore, because she's one of the people who has to write my high school recommendations. all my other classes aren't solid either. i feel like everyone in my group is smarter than me. i don't know what to do. help	2
awkward moments? i was at a restaurant, and i held the door for a man in a wheelchair. it was one of those times where the person is far away, but not that far away, so you get stuck awkwardly holding the door open for an overgenerous amount of time. i think he took it as me trying to be extra nice because he was in a wheelchair and made a distinct effort to beat me to the next door to hold it open for me. as if to say "i've been doing it for a while bro, i got this" but he was super nice about it. i desperately wanted to tell him i only held the door like that because i'm awkward and he was at an obligatory door holding distance away from me. this moment has irrationally haunted me for years . does any one else have moments like this?	1
at a point rn where if there was a bridge or something in front of me, i'd probably jump	18
holy shit i havent felt this bad in so long tw self harm just got into an argument wit my mom coz all she does it watch fox news & when i tell her it's propaganda && not good to consume she immediately jumps to "u liberals just think anyone who disagrees with u is stupid" mf im not even a liberal im just telling u ur watching propaganda lol this woman also like "i will never support socialism" but her primary & only income is ...... disability ........ (im not actually sure if disability is accurately described as socialist but her big gripe with socialism is "people will be lazy and take my money" but she doesnt work at all & makes so much money my dad is the one who works & she lowkey only still wit him for that .... just very hypocritical) like idk basically some other stuff happened but i want to cut:)) so bad:)) i started scratching at my head rly hard i just. it's been so long since ive gotten this worked up and had genuine thoughts about self harm it's so bad i hate it here	4
asking out a person who was gay (oops) i (fyi nothing against the girl or lgbt peeps in general still love y'all) so in the uk we have this thing called national citizen service and in it we to do some things like adventure training, learning life skills and helping out the community. anyways so i met this call who i'll keep unnamed and for this whole course in the space of like 4 weeks i'd really wanted to ask her out. so after telling a lot of friends and getting a helpful nudge (i am very shy and am terrified of asking girls out). i got the courage to ask her if she wanted to get some coffee sometime and she said ok (stick with me here). i was very glad and a little shocked she said yes. cue to a week later and we sorted out a day to meet-up. i was still kinda uneasy since i've never been on a date before and was really anxious about something happening to ruin it. and sure enough a day before we were supposed to meet up she texted me saying she didn't realise it was romantic, and i quote "i only chase after that girl booty" i was again very shocked. she was really nice about it but it was still a little disheartening because i really liked her but i mean it's not like i can do anything about it (no matter what mike pence thinks) we're still in contact and it's pretty funny so i don't mind. but yeah anyone had a similar experience? would be comforting tl;dr : i ask out a girl who i though who was into peen and turn out she into puss	1
one, why are yall posting selfies now? two, do i jump on this trend or nah?	10
going on a date with a dude from a dating app (this actually happened last night, but posting today) i've been using bumble exclusively for a few months now. in the last couple weeks, i had first dates with 2 men who did not represent themselves honestly via their profiles. the other dates i had were ok, and i have a couple 2nd dates this week, but i'm not really excited about either dude and will have to be upfront with them. additionally, i'll be honest, i think i am actually just burnt out from old and dating for a while especially after last night's date which was the proverbial nail in the coffin. i'd been chatting with a 29 year old guy (we'll call him kevin) for the last 2-3 days after planning our first date for saturday night. it actually seemed like we would really get on in person and i was actually looking forward to the date at this local spot. here's how the date/night unfolded last night: i arrived and sent a text to kevin asking where in the crowded bar he is. he texted that he had gotten there about 15 minutes before me but ran into his friends -- a man and his wife. he said he wanted to introduce me to these friends. he met both of them at the same bar about 2 months prior. over an hour later and i'd spent the entire time talking to the wife because kevin refused to sit in a bar-chair since there was limited seating. to try and describe the scenario: the husband sat on the end of the bar next to his wife who i sat next to with kevin standing behind us. the few times i interacted with kevin, he's low key idk flirting(?) with the wife even though the husband is there (kevin was touching her shoulder/upper back and saying things like "i love you/i love you guys, you're so crazy, girl," and grinning a lot, it was almost like he was trying to get a date with her lmao) also-- i should note, kevin straight up posted photos that were when he was slimmer because in person he had a sizable gut and moobs - he also height-fished; his profile said 6'0. kevin was not 6'0. for reference, the husband was 6' and i'd say kevin was max 5'9. the height-fishing was a first. ffs what is so hard about being honest in your profile pics!? while the couple were nice- if i wanted to hang with a middle aged drunk woman i could've just gone downtown to broadway (my city's invariably busy center for uber drunken/party shenanigans and shitty behaved college students and grown ass middle aged adults alike). reflecting on the night now, i think kevin was both very drunk and legit kinda slow, unsure how to explain it, but the guy wasn't very bright in the limited interaction we had. i don't think he understood that the situation was weird and not a date. kevin spent most of the night talking to the husband. the wife was plastered and awkward and pulled almost all the stops as far as being clueless-privileged-pretty-white-woman constantly touching my hair and invading my personal space. i knew she didn't mean anything by it. i'm biracial, i have white relatives and i grew up with a lot of white people so am no stranger to this kind of behavior, but it doesn't mean i should find it acceptable. whatever. shrugs she was hammered. she broke the stem of her wine glass in the course of the first 5 minutes of our convo. i got to hear all about her life; she told me about her autistic son, typical daughter and their black school friend named asia and the cost of sending the autistic kid to this local special needs private school (that costs 36k/year) for 5 years and how her husband is rich. then she started talking about how cute kevin is but "he's a little weird - maybe on the spectrum"-- she said. she also said she wondered about his career/employment plans. throughout the conversation she kept randomly throwing in comments about how gorgeous i am and touched my cheek/face, leaned in so close a couple times i had to actually reposition myself (i don't think she was trying to flirt, but to anyone people watching and observing, it might've looked that way at times). i excused myself at one point to go to the restroom (and to text a friend about this dumpster fire first "date"). when i left the restroom, she concurrently exited the men's restroom, saw me and giggling, grabbed my hand and walked me all the way from the bathroom area back to the bar. i didn't want to be rude and had never had a stranger grab my hand forcefully as she did, so i went with it, but once back at the bar, decided to call a left. i'd had it. i guess all that shit is fine because she insisted on paying for my two drinks (and i had to refuse 2 more she tried to get the bartender to bring me before i decided to leave). all in all i give it 4/10 because the free drinks weren't terrible, not that great, but at least free. it was just a bizarre 70 minutes, but i guess i sat there a bit dumbfounded and stupidly thinking it would somehow improve/make the money i'd spent for the ride-share worth it. i paid just over 20 bucks for lyft round trip for this crap. if you've been having a shitty time dating, i hope maybe my story made you feel better about your situation. tl;dr: i went on a first date with a dude and it was terrible and i think after getting nothing but l's this season, it's time to hang up the jersey.	1
idk how y'all don't get crushes as soon as i see someone i find slightly attractive i subconsciously start imagining my entire future with them wtf	4
i thought i had it bad, but i overheard others discussing their situation and it really put things in perspective. so i'm like super upset because my first bus was late so i have to wait at the station for about an hour for the second bus to arrive. while i was in the restroom i overheard a woman ask another lady for some cash so she can ride the bus and the lady in response said "i'm homeless" and then they both said that they would pray for each other... after hearing that i feel so bad. i wish i could do something but i honestly don't have any cash on me... i literally had to run out of their due to the extreme guilt i was feeling and i feel so stupid for being upset about my situation in the first place... now i'm just waiting and i honestly don't feel that bad knowing things could be worse, just hearing people going through hard times makes me so upset because there's nothing i can do... i just feel so disgusting having the things i have knowing people will just never have the same opportunities as me. i'm so so sorry (doing my best not to burst into tears right now!)	4
i used to be homophobic, sexist, and conservative now i'm a gay feminist leftist who else filler filler filler filler filler fillerrr	5
are you a chocolate bar? i want to feed you to stray dogs.	17
bitches be like "chickens make the best nuggets" like nah bitch... you ever try people nuggets those things good af	15
i want a new candle	10
should i join the lgbtq+ club at my school? i'm an incoming freshman in high school and i really want to join the lgbtq+ club or the gay straight alliance club. i'm just really worried i'm going to get bullied for being lesbian. people have called me stuff like fag and ugly lesbian and stuff like that in eighth grade. i just really don't want to get made fun of again, any advice? thanks	3
a casual tease i am 16 and a half years old . today my classmate(who is a girl , idk if that was necessary to mention) who is also the same age as me made fun of me for not having facial hair. i have been the butt of the facial hair jokes since i was 14 . my facial hairs are now just starting to look apparently enough to be noticed while the other boys in my school almost have bushy faces.	14
playing anime at work and making everyone think i'm watching hentai alright, hear me out. i work at a tourist attraction and our breakroom is located in a secret hall away from the view of a guests. we duck through a semi hidden door to a central corridor that leads to the employee br, lockers and breakroom. however, there are no doors on the break room. i finished my lunch and we have 45 min breaks, so i thought i could finish an episode of shokugeki no soma before heading back to work. as i was working earlier my phone was on vibrate and i recently switched from a razer phone to an s10+. my razer phone mutes all sound when on vibrate and turns out my s10+ does not. i launched crunchy roll and my video resumed from this morning, and i had left off right before a tasting montage. for any of you who don't watch the show, every time they taste something they have a foodgasm with moaning and all that shit, i'll link an example. link: nsfw <url> as i play the episode, that scene starts playing at full fucking volume. everyone fucking looks at me [an asian teenager] with a wtf face. at this point i'm really embarrased and i'm in the bathroom typing this out . note to self, watch all subtitled anime with earbuds from now on, especially in public. tl;dr am asian, watched anime at work in breakroom, nsfw scene plays at full volume in front of coworkers, fuck.	9
i slept shirtless for the first time and it feels good. but only because my family isn't home this week and i'm too insecure about my body text so automod doesn't remove the post	2
can i legit be serious with y'all: ask your crush out alley for experience seriously, if you view it as a learning opportunity, you have nothing to worry about. there will be some girl you like even more down the line and will wish you had experience asking girls out, dating, etc. good luck	0
what's your stance on the use of emojis on reddit? c'mon, tell me. to me it's completely ok but you should never overdo it.	19
i (23f)) have had a huge fight with the guy (25m) i really like and i don't know what to do now. so, i feel like a little teenager asking about advice on this but i'm sad and desperate, so here it goes: this guy and i had been seeing each other for two months. we were never in an actual relationship, but seeing each other a lot and also monotonously. up until two days ago, things were progressing really well between us. he is the first guy i began to develop feelings for after my last grand failure of a relationship. after the break up of that relationship, i had felt for a very long time that i wouldn't ever be able to have a deeper connection with another man again. i was heartbroken for a long, long time. but then i met this guy and he made me so happy, getting to spend time with him became the favorite part of my weeks. there were, of course, red flags leading up to this fight that i chose to ignore because i just hoped it'd not be a significant problem after a while. this guy is very, very conservative (also hypocritical and blatantly sexist) in a few of his beliefs, which is the single biggest flaw he has in my eyes. he himself has been more sexually active than me in his past but remains strongly adamant that he does not ever want to be in a relationship with a girl who has slept with more than one long term boyfriend and even that is stretching it for him. well let me tell you, this girl here is nowhere near that standard of his. i do have a past, as many women do, and he knows of that past. at first, it was never an issue that he cared to mention but then, about two weeks ago, he started dropping comments about my past more and more often. i chose to be understanding and not react too offended but his remarks just fell short of openly calling me a slut and deeming me not worthy of him. then, two days ago, things escalated between us and i don't even know how that happened. we were joking around and everything was good one moment and the next he just randomly dropped a negative comment about me again. i was kind of fed up with it so i replied, telling him that i didn't appreciate his passive aggressive remarks about me and my past, most of all because they were very exaggerated and not even accurately depicting reality. things went from 0 to 180 real fast from there. suddenly we were having this argument about him seeing me as a slut and keeping me at a distance even though it was very clear that he genuinely liked me and me being done with pretending that that was okay. still, i somehow tried to get it back to a common ground but he once again dropped the "well you did this and that so how am i supposed to feel about you" on me. i got salty, told him to be honest about how butthurt he is about my past. he got bitchy and refused that he was because he "doesn't have feelings for me anyway because how the fuck could he after all the stuff that i did" and the whole thing blew up in our faces from there. he kept on claiming that he didn't care for me in a romantic sense even though his actions had proven otherwise in the past... maybe because he can't deal with having feelings for a woman who doesn't live up to his good girl expectations, i don't know. very fast he decided that he just didn't want to see me at all anymore and break off all contact, but i persisted and we still kept texting and fighting up until he told me to "leave him the fuck alone" because "the more i texted him the worse it got" and he "couldn't fake like this bullshit didn't stress him the fuck out". so he pretty much told me to get the hell out of his life. for some weird reason he also decided to block me on instagram and facebook while leaving the whatsapp unblocked. so i stopped texting him, we're right now not at all talking anymore. i know that his attitude is horrible. but i also know that he's a genuinely good guy and i feel terrible about the way this ended. i would love to talk to him right now but that would only lead to him getting even angrier at me. plus, he made it very clear that he didn't want me to reach out to him but i don't know if he truly meant "leave me alone forever" or if that was out of anger and we could talk after things cool down. do you guys think it's gonna be possible for me to reach out to him in, like, two weeks and attempt to talk things over? how should i even do that? how am i to know if this is a "goodbye forever" as he made it out to be, or if he only was this radical because of how angry he was? could it be that i damaged the whole thing beyond repair by not immediately leaving him alone when he told me to, but still tried to talk to him, getting him even angrier in the process? i genuinely like him and would want to talk to him again, after a while. i don't know if it could even work out but in any way, it's just very important to me to get on friendly terms with him at least. i just need advice on how to go about it... i'm really lost and sad and heartbroken. tl;dr: really like a guy, have been seeing him for two months. however, we have contrary moral standpoints on some stuff and got in a bad fight over it. he told me not to text him again and just leave him alone, which i am doing now. but i'd really want to talk to him again after a while and i don't know how i should even do that. i'm altogether very heartbroken over it.	1
[28f/25m] boyfriend of over a year trying to use social media to "send me a message" ? you can read my post history for the full back story if you'd like, basically we are taking space right now so he can work on his mental health (depression issues). when we talked last week he agreed to reach out after his counseling session each week to let me know how things are going. i haven't heard from him yet this week. i know it's his midterm week so maybe he hasn't had time to go to a counseling session yet. but he posted a photo to social media of his dog with the lookalike stuffed animal present i gifted him earlier this year. maybe there's nothing to read into here but i'm just not sure what to think. after we had our first fight early into dating he wasn't talking to me and posted a pic of his dog with a toy i got him (he had previously sent the pic to me) and i didn't like it or comment or reach out to him or anything and he contacted me the next day to make up. so idk i know we aren't fighting right now but maybe he's asking for attention? wants to see if i'll reach out? is trying to say he's thinking about me? or maybe wants to make me jealous seeing that my present is getting him attention from other people? the only reason i think to read into it negatively is his dog is up on the bed and he knows i don't like that so he has always made an effort to teach him not to be up there for me. idk but if he's trying to bait me somehow it's turning me off especially after i've been so supportive with everything he has been going through the past 2+ months :/ just not sure if i should read into this or not. tl;dr - boyfriend posted pic of a his dog with a present i got him earlier this year while we aren't talking. should i read anything into this?	10
ummm wouldn't it be funny if someone dmed me and we talked i don't know i think it would be pretty funny	5
does my anime profile pic offend you? if so good.	0
getting lost. actually happened today, i'm on a phone so prepare for a tough read. my peer group and i are on a field trip to belgium to see war memorials. as with school trips, we need the cheapest ferry ride so we have to leave at 1 am so by about 9 pm i'm completely knackered. we go to a memorial and my grandma (bless her heart) has sent me a list of ancestors at the memorial. que the fuck up. i'm going to find this family member and when i do i'm chuffed to bits. i send a photo to my grandma and when i return to our ren-dez-vu i realise that no one is there. at this point i'm shitting myself as i'm in a foreign country and i don't know the way back to the hotel. i search it on my phone and away we go. now it turns out that they were on the other side of the memorial. they sent 3 teachers out looking for me and send one with the rest of the group to escort them back to the accommodation. they also called my parents to let them know i was missing. then, i got picked up by my friends on their way back to the hotel. everyone was worried shitless and i'm just sat there being my socially awkward self. tldr: lost school group and got lost in a foreign country after looking at a war memorial. parents informed and 45 mins spent looking for me. parents informed i was missing in action. picked up by friends on the way back to the hotel. back in the hotel room now and all is good	19
home alone! what can i cook? i'm a beginner at cooking (read: no experience) and i wanna make something delicious. something nutritionally dense and high in protein would be great but anything goes! except for one thing actually, i can't have pork. what are some good recipes for a beginner? i don't wanna survive on pbjs alone	1
what's karma i mean i'm not new to this site but wtf is karma like am i building up to something or what, and i see people calling each other karma whores like why do people want it so bad? is it so they can brag about it is that it, is that all its for. pls what am i supposed to do with karma	10
subscribe to pewdiepie there is a big war going on between pewdiepie and t series for the youtube's most subscribed channel. t series is an indian company which post movie video songs. it seems t series is using sub bots, as pewdiepie has been the no 1 for so long no one wants him to lose so please please subscribe to pewdiepie and enjoy his contents thanks save youtube	3
rest easy elon musk i'm not saying he's dead. it's just probably time for him to take a nap.	2
we're doing macbeth in school and one day we had a lecture and suddenly this girl yelled "so that means macbeth kinda sus" i just sat there like	19
how are you supposed to recover from something so devistating.. a breakup you didn't want close to five months now, and i feel like i've stagnated.. i go to the gym atleast three days a week. i do my best to keep myself busy and distracted, but i feel like my progress has stopped and i'm stuck. a little background.. five months ago my ex ended things out of nowhere.. i'm my eyes it was out of nowhere. was i perfect? no. i needed to be more emotional. more affectionate. more kissy and such. needed to talk to her more and not at her. listen to listen and not listen to respond. three days before i had roses and sunflowers sent to her work. i did that with relative frequency, just letting her know i thought about her. she said "thank you handsome ". everything seemed fine. that saturday she had a work thing. i couldn't go because i had to work that morning and by the time i got there, we'd turn right around and leave. i was supposed to go over sunday anyway. i didn't hear from her till about 3 in the afternoon that day of the work thing. weird, but ok. sunday rolls around. i sent her a text at 930 asking if i was still coming. she said i'm not feeling very well and i won't be much fun to be around. i'm like okay, i'll let you rest. i wanna see you, but okay. i know now i should've went anyway.. yet another mistake i made. that monday she hits me with we need to take a break. first thing in the morning after i rolled out of bed and the first thing i did was ask her if she's feeling better.. i let her be after a day or so of kinda freakin out. i was confused. i didn't know what was happening or why. i go four days and send maybe four messages. letting her know i was thinking about her, hoping we could work this out. in the fifth day, she sends me a text saying thank you. i asked for what. she said for being patient and understanding. little did i know, she decided to date a coworker, publicly, and didn't even tell me. i found out of facebook a few hours later that she changed her relationship status.. how am i supposed to feel better about this? that devistated me. my self worth is essentially non existant. my confidence is shattered... i need help here tl:dr my ex ended things abruptly, i didn't want it. it's devistated my confidence, self worth and how i see myself	6
hair color thread lets go im a natural blonde with like hints of red but its dyed dark brown atm hbu guys	18
two mfs unfollowed me idk which ones but yall fake af	16
anyone wanna be in a mad as group chat on snapchat? surely some of y'all cool kids wanna he added into the group chat	3
he says he likes me, but he dosent try. so i have known this guy for about seven years now. we started hanging out in high school and then when we're out of high school he messaged me and said that he liked me and wanted to go out.the thing is though we tried to make dates but it didn't really work out so we both went our different ways. about one year ago he messaged me and said he liked me still so we started talking but he said he didn't want a relationship he just wanted fwb. i told him i'm not interested in that and we stopped talking again. now i also should say. he is probably one of the biggest trolls ever. he doesn't know how to text people. i'll try to start a conversation with him or just talk to him small talk and all he does is send me gifs or memes and emojis and he always wants to talk about the s word. now just about two weeks ago we start talking again he told me that he was interested in a relationship so we started talking but he's pretty much the same as he was. he still sends me really weird stuff and recently me and my friends were thinking about going on a double date so i've been asking him if he wants to go out with us and he'll be my date, but he keeps avoiding the question every time i ask him. he'll either change the subject or he'll send me some stupid meme with a emoji or a stupid gif, and he still always tries to bring some innuendos into the convo. that doesn't really bother me like a lot but it just annoys me when you're trying to ask somebody out and they keep avoiding the question and changing the subject but they have already said they are interested in a relationship. later on i messaged him and told him how i feel and that i want a serious relationship and i hope that's what he wants and if that's what he wants then maybe we could get together, but he hasn't responded. i really do want to get to know him better and possibly go out with him but he needs to open up more and be more talkative instead of being a creep and just sending memes and gifs all day or ignoring what i've said to him and just sending lols. i just kind of want to get your eyes opinion on what is going on. do you guys think this is work behavior? do you think he's just doing this because he's really likes me and he's nervous to talk? or should i just give up on him because it's not going anywhere? thank you :)	1
i made a site where i sell my belly pics for $30 and i got one sale so far but on the site i was losing as a trans girl (which i really am) under a different name and now they want me to verify that it's my legal name to get my money but i can't	4
i'm sick of seeing cancer commercials seriously programming! just a thought do you think that big pharmaceutical companies, or whoever else is profiting from cancer, pay for these commercials not to just sell their pills or get donations, but to also program people into thinking the have cancer? i know to some this might sound crazy, but i feel like they have been programming me with this bs. it doesn't matter what station i was on every time i had to set through commercials at least one of them was about cancer. after seeing these commercials multiple times a day (even at work when i had to do a clients laundry) i began feeling like i needed to go get checked out. this was coming from no where and now i can't stop thinking about i might have cancer! sick right? its getting a bit better but still there and i'm still thinking about going to get checked out. i just needed to come here on reddit somewhere and see if anyone has had a similar experience? i wasn't sure if this if the right place to post this or not. what you think you are you become nothing but dvr and netflix for me. thoughts?	4
on a rainy night , a man says to his girl. "here, take this umbrella and get home safely." the girl asks, "what about you ?" the man says i'll take the taxi	14
im a boy and i like boys cute boys	5
laughing at slavery for the record, this took place last week. i am currently stuck taking a religion class this semester and it basically involves racism, religion, and diversity in african american culture. i rarely pay attention as it's basically a repeat of high school history. during class, i received a snapchat from one of my best friends. against my better judgement, i opened it. it was the most hilarious video i had seen in awhile and i began laughing hysterically. the problem is that the professor was showing a video of a slave being beaten and verbally abused. she stopped the video, the whole class stared at me and now i guess they all think i'm a racist	1
i'm making this to hold myself accountable for the rest of the year, i'm not going to spend my money eating out more than once a week. i have to save my money and spend it on something better like gifts. i want to stay on track of eating & exercising habits by logging everything into my fitness pal. i want to go into the new year feeling good about how i look. i want to get a haircut and dye it as soon as this semester ends so i can experience a new change. by posting this, i am holding myself accountable. i can do this!	16
worst say ever so my school sent a email saying that there was rumor about a school shooting on the last day of school so i told my mom and she told me i was not allowed to go school. and the bad part is that i won't be able to see my friends that are going into high school.	2
can somebody wish me luck? i wont bore with too many details but something that would be amazing is coming up and i've got nobody to wish me luck with it, please reddit? i could use some	6
my braces are finally out i have had my braces for 3 years and i'm so happy i'm finally done with them so i thought i'd share	6
worst rejection you got from a crush? mine was, "i don't know what to say. you're cool, but hanging out with you was like listening to the same song over and over again" (to say i was boring)	12
girlfriend today my gf who we will call kiki (she couldn't pronounce kiwi when she was younger) went to camp. our 1 month is in a little bit and i got the whole text ready and i know i won't get a response because she can't bring her phone to camp but better to be prepared ya know	3
ahhaha i feel great for the past four hours ive felt so sick. my hearts beating so fast and my body just wants to stay horizontal. i feel like im going to vomit if i stand up again. the music that usually helps me sleep is giving me a headache. i dont know whats wrong :/ its 2am now	18
does anyone miss the care free good old days? well i was randomly thinking. how carefree i was in my past. when i was a kid around 8 i guess. well i got a ps1 with a few games like street fighters alpha, batman beyond, wwe smack vs raw, some other toy story racing game. i didn't care about achievements or my online profile. i kept on playing it and never got sick of it. at this age my biggest concern was watching the cartoons after school! after a few years, when i got a pc. i got the disk version of igi. does anyone remember that shooting game? then gta vice city i loved that game so much i played even when it's horribly lagging. i tried gta san andreas but it doesn't load even since my rig was not powerful. fast forward to few years later. i got a new pc. installed gta san must have played like 1000 hours. got internet around that time so i modded that too. i used to record games with my video camera and upload to youtube those days didn't care about making money in youtube it was just for fun. around that time got a psp. played hell of a lot of games especially gta vice city stories and wwe 2007. around this time i got gta iv. played at like lowest setting because then only the game will run. my first multi-player game was battle field heros. does anyone remember? they shut down that game some time ago tho. when i first found steam i was starting to care about my achievements and profiles. even in my initial days in steam i had a small rig so i had to play games like saints row the third in lowest. looked horrible but didint care. few years ago i got a ps4. games are pretty expensive. now i always give a damm about the graphics of my pc games and achievements n such from my uplay. it feels like i lost a part of me. what's your story? what do you miss the most in your past?	1
do revealing snaps mean anything? ok so i've been snapping/talking to this girl for a few days and pretty often she sends snaps of her in her underwear, in her shower, etc with a lot showing because ime the random girls that i snap and my girl friends just send normal snaps like of their face or whatever. do y'all think this means anything? like does she want me to flirt with her? or is she basically just trying to show off for attention? or does this mean nothing and i'm just thinking about it to much since my regular friends aren't like this?	1
smh i have to confess to something when the and the for the my the with the is a my for be the is when. i'm sorry	2
any other ftms here? anytime i see a post about being trans (which is already pretty rare in itself) it's always mtf. which isn't bad i just want to know if there's any other ftm so i'm not alone	9
this world honestly disgusts me, i'm actually feeling sick there's this guy on tiktok who posted a graphic video of a dog murdering a cat. it picked it up and shook it so hard. the cat was dying slowly at the end and the person didn't help it. and the people in the comments where all just saying how funny it was. on top of that the video got over 200k likes, and the person who posted it has over 2 million followers. i looked through his account and he also has tons of videos of animal cruelty, people being hurt, dogs penises, sexual assault, ect, and people just think it's funny i reported it but i doubt anything will happen since the guy is verified by tiktok and everything	2
hopeless romantic being a hopeless romantic when you are married to a very point blank person is tough. all i want is a room full of roses on valentine's day. but asking for it ruins a surprise like that.	9
going over to the place of a girl who asked me to come over on instagram ok so backstory time, this girl dms me few weeks back about how if i am ever in town again i should let her know, she's a local and would love to show me around blah blah. i told her i lived in the area and she was all excited oh wow we should meet up etc, i said sure. i've just been busy since so i never followed up. today out of the fucking blue, she sent me a snap of her after-bath, in towel. i was like.. okay. then she's like what ya doing? i said nothing out of the ordinary what about you, she goes i'm drunk and just really turned on, do you want to come over? i said sureeee. now tbh.. i did sense a feeling in my gut at this point but i was just going with the flow. she gave me an intersection of streets address (which i thought was fine since i had never met her yet). then she's like r u coming or no. i said aight let me get an uber, and she's like show me a picture of your uber.. i was like calm yo tits down lol. i then asked her if i should drive instead and she's like "you're seriously starting to get on my nerve. like are you fucking coming or not", honestly she was pissing me off at this point. anyways i drive down there and i'm like ok now what, she gives me the address and then i ask her if the door is open.. or should i wait for her to open it.. or ring the bell?.. this is where it fucking shocked the fuck outta me. she's like "i'm really into anonymous stuff , was thinking that it would be really hot if it did like a gloryhole type of thing i want it to be completely anonymous, you come over, stick your dick in the hole and i suck it no talking just me sucking on you, then you leave and the next day we meet and pretend it never happened. we act like it's the first time we ever met, even though we both know what we did. so every time i give you look you can't say anything about how i sucked you like a pornstar! so there's this outside patio thing next to my window, you come inside and walk straight to a door that says no smoking, open that door and right on your left there's this ladder, go up it and then you'll be at my window, there's this little crate for me that i use to go out there, you can stand on it, but you might be too high, but there's also a puddle, there's a hole next to it stick your dick in it for me so i can suck it" i swear tf devil i drove back in no time and god knows what i escaped today. lesson learnt: never be desperate tl;dr: drove to the place of a girl who asked me to come over on instagram, when i got there, she asked me to stick my dick in to a hole so she can suck it. i drove tf back in no time	9
ldr boyfriend of 4 years [30m] is convinced i'm [27f] cheating and is regularly typing my phone number into dating sites **tl;dr** we haven't had sex in 3 months and bf has decided that i must be cheating because it's impossible for someone to not want sex i guess? seriously wtf is going on together for 4 years, long distance for 6 months. relevant info that i don't know where to put in the post - his best friend was cheated on about 6 months ago so i can *maybe kind of* see why he'd be paranoid but, as you will see when reading this post, he's being way too paranoid for that to be all that's going on. so long story short, i haven't been interested in sex for about 3 months for various reasons: we are in a long distance relationship, i am dealing with a shitty living situation where i don't get privacy, and we had a big fight about something 3 months ago which started a chain reaction of me honestly just feeling pretty turned off. (he did things at a party that i disagreed with and broke a promise to me. it's complicated.) we were only having sex once a month or so before this fight anyway, due to the lack of alone time in my apartment and the long distance etc. so really i've only "turned him down" like 3-4 times. we've spent the past 3 months working on our relationship, trying to help build trust between each other, and waiting for my long distance internship to end so we can live in the same city and go to couples therapy. he 100% knew the whole time that the reason we weren't having sex is because i was upset with him (and also the other factors as described). 2 months ago we had a fight because i mentioned that i'm bisexual *which he already fucking knew before we even started dating* and he sulked and gave me the silent treatment for an entire day. (it was relevant to our conversation btw since we were talking about what our boundaries are for opposite sex friendships, it would've been weird and suspicious for me to not mention my orientation!) he kept asking "why did you bring that up??? i just need to know why you would say that???" and i just kept responding with "uhhh because it's what we were talking about? i don't get it, what are you upset about?" and he refused to answer and eventually stopped sulking and dropped the subject. though he wouldn't admit it, it sure sounded like he was accusing me of cheating on him though. just, ya know, the way he was asking stuff like "why mention it now? why mention it?? did *something* happen?" like i said he claims he was "just curious" but based on the tone of the questions and the fact that he sulked for an entire damn day, i think it's pretty obvious what he was doing. 2 weeks ago we had a really long and positive discussion about our relationship and how he was totally okay taking things slow and rebuilding trust and that he knew the dry spell would end and everything would be ok. we were both a bit tipsy but i'd had 2 drinks and he'd had 3 or 4, and he's a big guy, so i'm sure he wasn't blackout drunk or anything (this is relevant below). he told me he completely understands and that he loves me and knows we'll get through this together etc etc it was very sweet and sincere. 1 week ago he asked for sex, i turned it down, and he suddenly completely flipped?! he packed up his things, stormed out of the room and gave me the silent treatment for an hour. i asked him why he was acting this way after our conversation 1 week prior, and he claimed to *not remember it at all*. wtf?!?! he's done the "i don't remember" thing at a lot of "convenient" times in our relationship and i feel gaslighted tbh but i might also be imagining things. (yes i know that's exactly what gaslighted people think haha. but people do sometimes legitimately forget things, right?) he told me that i *must be cheating on him* because we haven't had sex in 3 months. he went on to explain that supposedly, when people in relationships don't have sex it means they *must be* cheating, so that's how he knows. i tried to explain "wtf dude, you know exactly the reason we aren't having sex because we've talked about this multiple times" but he wouldn't listen to me. honestly his behaviour was ridiculous and i'm totally confused. seriously. how is there any 30 year old adult on this planet who thinks that "no sex = guaranteed cheating"?? like i don't even understand wtf he's thinking here?? anyway since then- he's been pretty much giving me the silent treatment except he'll occasionally text me short bland things like "ok cool". we used to text back and forth all day. whenever we talk on the phone he mumbles out one word answers and almost every day he accuses me of cheating on him. and as mentioned in the title of this post, i'm now getting texts from dating apps with "verification codes" every few hours. wtf?! i assume he's sitting around the house or at work, typing my phone number into dating sites to check if i have an account. honestly this is the main reason i'm writing this post, i think this is absolutely insane and i'm really upset with this crazy insecure behaviour, but i want to know if i'm right to be pissed about this or if i should let it go. i mean it reddit, i am so pissed. i want to call him and ask what his fucking problem is because i have never cheated or even acted like i might cheat. i'm just really... offended, i guess? insulted? by the way he feels the need to check if i'm on dating sites *multiple times per day*. seriously what the fuck? am i overreacting or is this psycho behaviour? oh btw, i had a tinder account in like 2013 or whenever it came out, when i was single. and i only deleted the app, not the account, because duh i think like 50% of the population makes that mistake lol, i didn't even realize my mistake until this week. after all i never even thought about it, i sure didn't think anyone would be sitting around typing my phone number into websites 5 years later. so though he hasn't said anything about it, i'm sure he's now assuming that i'm on tinder or something... and i'm just really pissed about him giving me the almost-silent-treatment and constantly sulking. wtf. i don't deserve to be treated this way. i'm sure some people are going to immediately call me a horrible girlfriend for withholding sex or whatever but honestly, i still don't deserve to be treated his way do i?! especially having someone sulk for an entire day because they *remembered* that i'm bisexual... that is some homophobic shit right there y'all. i'm offended on behalf of the gay community lol. he's not homophobic to my knowledge but then again his actions are suspect here... so my questions - wtf is he thinking and wtf is his problem here. is it fair for me to be upset about his sulking and silent treatments or am i overreacting. is it fair for me to think that typing my number into dating websites is fucking ridiculous or am i overreacting. what should i do next.	11
hormones suck but they don't get me suck what the hell man	2
hlets start a trend everyone post about "homer rucker". pretend he died a few minutes ago. rip homer rucker, cant believe the world we live in	4
girls with big boobs deserve to be shot, i hate you all. you do nothing but bring women down. nobody likes you. there i said it. you girls are outdated and dying off. good riddance	16
i want to have a christmas party but am kind of overthinking it i had one last year and it went pretty well, probably because there was a lot of alcohol i want to do it again this year and am creating the event now. but i have social anxiety so am worried that i'm gonna do it all wrong. like, if the party is on december 8th is now too early to invite people? what do i say in the description?? what if no one shows up this time???	1
ok this target marketing/social media marketing is getting a little out of hand ok, so i bought some whey protein powder from 1st phorm and a t shirt from them. i've been wanting to see what all the hoopla is about it since every ufc ring girl and instagram model at one time or another has promoted it. what i wasn't expecting, was to see their ads everywhere! while watching youtube videos, all the ads i get are now for their products. i've seen 4 or more ads for them in a row! all over facebook and instagram! it's like, "chill! i haven't even gotten this yet!" what are your thoughts on this kind of marketing/advertising?	1
what if she turns 18 whilst fucking laws should be more specific smh	11
how do you forget someone? how do you forget someone? is it easy to move on? what is the fastest way to move on? i am going insane .	4
living situation with bf hey guys! my boyfriend and i have been at a crossroads lately. we love each other but aren't as close as we used to be. we are in the process of reconstructing a currently non habitable house to call home one day. my bf was living with me at my parents but didn't want to over stay his welcome and moved into his grandparents until the house is done. it has been six months since he moved out and we have been having a hard time seeing each other. the house has 6 months to a year of work to be done. in the meantime i want to rent an apartment to live together in. i think it will either help us to reconnect and get away from the stress of living with family or realize that we aren't meant for one another. i suggested that i pay for all apt bills and his money can be used on our future house. he is against my proposition and finds it is a waste of money. he wants me to move into his grandparents with him. i cannot do that considering his sister and s.o live there and it is a very small home. wondering what your thoughts are and if you have any suggestions for me to communicate with him on this issue. thanks!!	3
i lowkey did my mom and sister dirty asl they wanted to go to shop rite to buy an ac and they wanted me to go, just because i would be the one to have to carry it, and then they told me we were gonna walk there . like bro i would but it's too hot for that shit and it's 10 at night, like we not about to take a 30 minute walk through the woods with a baby just for an ac but they both got ready so i feel kinda bad but i don't care so lol	4
anyone just sick of trying to find love through dating apps? i'm just filtering through so many people and it feels terrible. i just want to stop giving into this idea that i'll find someone through an app but rather find someone organically and naturally. you'll have to forgive me, i've had like 4 pints of guinness and i felt like sharing	1
my (19f) boyfriend (19m) is both flirty and a super sweet guy...how do i reconcile the two? first off, i love my boyfriend very much. he has a huge heart and is particularly interested in helping others with their mental health. this is one of my favorite qualities about him. he is also a little flirty (in my eyes). he likes to send hearts, or playfully push his girl friends, or tell them he loves them to be supportive. he'll call them names like "loser" and other things (obviously in jest) that i automatically see as a little flirtatious. he has one friend in particular that i am a little uncomfortable with, mainly because he's lied about his plans with her in the past (nothing too serious, but was still intentionally dishonest). he made a facebook post recently, on which she commented "i love u ____", and he responded with "i love you too ". he's a beautiful person and i really do love how much he loves other people. i've brought up the fact that it makes me uncomfortable to know he's a bit flirty and particularly that fb comment, but he says he doesn't want to change that about himself. and i kind i'd agree. he shouldn't have to change that because it makes him who he is, a loving, friendly guy. i'm just worried that in the future i'll get offended by something and be unfair to him about it, or i'll become too trusting of actually inappropriate behaviors. any advice on where the line is, etc would be awesome! tl;dr: boyfriend is very loving and friendly, but is also somewhat flirtatious which makes me uncomfortable. how do i tell where the line is for what's reasonable to bring up to him?	3
finished the semester! what are you up to? yesterday was a bit of a marathon--i had an exam due at noon, an exam 1:30-3:30, and 4-6. i finished them at 3am, 2:15pm, and 5:30pm respectively.	9
sometimes i look at couples on shows and think aw i want that seems so special	14
is my (23 f) new bf (26 m), who was in a long term relationship for 8 years, ready for a relationship? we've basically been together 6 months. he dated the same person from age 17-25 (some what off and on) and they were engaged and living together before they broke up, which was ridiculously intimidating but he reassured me that he was completely done with that phase of his life. we started dating a year after this happened. i was surprised with how immediately candid he was with the entire situation with me. apparently she cheated on him but he said that he had known he was going to break up with her even before that because it just wasn't working out and they were going in two different directions in life. he said that he's completely over it, and basically told me that the relationship just didn't feel right anymore and he had completely moved on. i was hesitant about this because the last relationships i was in involved someone who wasn't over an old relationship and ended up leaving me for that girl, which fucked me up and made me feel like i had wasted so much time when i always knew in the back of my mind he probably wasn't over her and i'm terrified i'm walking into the same situation now. he says he doesn't contact her and i'm not the type to ever want to look through so phones but recently i was sitting next to him when a message popped up that says "i hope your life is good. hope you're happy now. text me some time" and he said that was her number and immediately deleted the message. i do know she follows him on social media and likes almost every one of his post (except ones with me in it) but he's a photographer so his account is public. which, along with the message, just shows me that she's still very invested and obsessed with what's going on in his life and still is trying to contact him. she tried to follow me but i didn't accept her request. other than that, it bothers me that he does bring her up semi often but i also understand that she was a huge part of his life for a long time so it's hard to talk about some things without bringing her up, but still it bothers me. he also recently posted a meme about so's cheating and lying and it caught me off guard. i was sure he was referring to his past relationship, probably aimed at her for pretending to care about him now, but why would you post that or even be concerned with that when you're in a new relationship? my friends even asked if something was going on between us when they saw it. is it too risky to get involved with someone this fresh out of a long term relationship like this? does he seem like he's not over it? how can i approach getting a straight answer without seeming like i'm insecure? tldr; guy i'm dating was in a very long term serious relationship (~8 years on and off). we started dating a year after they broke off their engagement. his ex still tries to contact him, follows him on social media. he brings her up in casual conversation semi often, but idk if that's just because she was involved in such a huge portion of his life. idk if i'm overreacting. should i be concerned or ask him to block her? how do i know he's ready to be in a new relationship?	3
the average male loses their virginity at 16.9... ...looks like i'm finally above average	0
hey girl are you a book? cause i wanna deeply understand you	13
30 more words to cut down now! wooo let's go i got this ^i ^hope	13
i never truly understood why the media gives fringe extremist groups like peta attention apparently they have a love affair for lobsters now ooh boy.	1
sometimes while scrolling facebook, i feel a person "deserves" more recognition (as in likes,upvotes etc) for whatever reason& i'll go give em a like. sometimes for no reason other than i feel like they're a genuine good hearted person i'm a weirdo. anyone else?	1
male v line appreciation thread i wanna grab the v lines	17
today is my birthday! yep, i don't think anyone cares	2
anyone who wants to talk hmu there's 44,000 of y'all, at least like 2 of you would hmu.. right?	13
can't stand a liar. i can't stand a liar. this guy(37m) that i (26f) started seeing recently seemed great. we were having fun, lots of laughs, and seemed like a genuine person. so i got woken up a little over a hour ago from a phone call from him. i pick it up and he's saying he's stranded and if i could please come pick him up from a local bar(we're both recovering addicts by the way...) i asked why the hell he was at a bar and he said cause he had been walking and it was a place he could stay warm. i'm pissed cause i had a horrible night at work, got woken up, and have to be at work in a couple hours. so i go pick him up. he reaks of alcohol. this fool wants to tell me a drink spilt on him. then we start talking and he's slurring his words. he still swears he hasn't had a drink. then he finally admits he smoked a blunt, and he had drinks earlier in the night. the biggest lie i caught him in tonight is that he let it slip that his sister was still alive....when we first started talking, he said his sister overdosed and died and he started drinking again to cope with it. i didn't judge cause i wouldn't know what i would do in a situation like that. but he let it slip his sister had texted him. i slammed on my breaks in the middle of the road and looked at him. he then wants to try to say he has 2 sisters. that's another lie cause he said he only had one sibling. i drop him off at the house and he tries to kiss me and apologize again. all i said was i wish you the best. like i'm stunned. i really want to be petty and message his sister and be like "hey your brother is saying your dead. might want to get him help." i'm just glad it's over before it got too serious.	11
oh no its 1am and im feeling some typa way i nearly just texted my best friend that im horny but she went to bed jesus i gotta chill	5
i'm too easy to please you can say hi and i'll be ready to marry you	2
using life pro tips (lpt) i got from reddit to make myself appear smartly work. someone apparently recognized my redditing, and ratted me out as a geek. now i'm the super awkward kward kid.	16
everyone list 5 random things about yourself i love learning things abt different ppl! here's my list 1. i love knitting and scrapbooking 2. i'm allergic to chocolate 3. i'm currently working on my engineering project (kms) 4. i love collecting vinyls 5. i'm 5'3 an additional one is i can play the flute and clarinet and somee violin (currently trying to learn piano )	18
why does the world keep telling me to chin up even though i'm forever alone? i'd like to be in a relationship and get married and all that fun stuff. i honestly hate the narrative "just be happy with yourself!!!!1!1!!" like of course i'm fine with myself. it's just be better if there was someone else around to do life with. it seems like they say that because i want a relationship because society says i should, and not because a human can want that sort of a thing.	11
about time! school is finally out! time for a depressing summer.	18
i'm happy single . ~~hey, i'm sorry get back in my life, i love you so much, i miss you so bad ~~	13
i got shot! no i didn't... but i did get my hpv shot and it hurts like hell! i am typing this with one hand because the other arm is paralyzed 🏻 (that is an ironic thumbs up)	18
what do think about in bed, just before you sleep? for most of us, we don't just go into sleep like a smart phone turning off, we rather have a shutting down logo for at least 20-30 minutes before we bid that drowsy good night. what do you think about in that time? or if you don't fall asleep soon, what are your thoughts in bed? let's talk and make friends	6
summer drama:/ (also sorry about grammar i kinda rushed this) normally i'm the kind of kid to stay out of drama and shit unless people start it with me. obviously because of that plenty of people like me and trust me, but i have this one close friend we're gonna call z who recently i feel tried to ruin shit between me and some of my other friends. background knowledge on z, i've been friends with him since like 6th grade and we're heading into freshmen year now over the course of middle school we've gotten really close. over the course of middle school z has managed to be the only person to repeatedly start problems with me, and always passes the problems off as 'misunderstandings'. one of the times he tried to ruin things with me and my ex by talking a lot of shit on me to her. why he did this, no clue but i forgave him and it hurt things between me and my ex. all the other times were similar 'misunderstandings' between him and some of my other friends that he didn't like, in turn hurting our relationships and in one case making me lose a friend who i wasn't that close with but it kinda sucked a lot because i try to stay liked and friends with everyone even if they aren't the best person. but in 8th grade i developed a big crush on this girl i'll call x. eventually i told z about my crush him being actually the first person i talked to about it under the condition he would entirely stay out of it and just kinda listen and give advice. long story short i tell x i like her and she doesn't like me back cuz she likes another guy (note i'm still friend zoned to this day, although not important yet). z knowing this knowledge texts her, although he said he wouldn't, and asks her why she said no when i asked her out. (another note i also never asked her out just kinda told her i liked her). in turn making me lose a little trust for him because z said he would stay out of it. fast forward to this summer i'm still friends and talking to x still good friends with z. eventually z texts me and calls her a bitch then tells me i can't be friends with her. obviously i asked what happened and, basically what happened was he thought her friend was being a hoe and fake flirting with him. (note: her friend has the reputation of fake flirting with guys and being obvious and clear about it being fake). i tell z it was a misunderstanding (as he likes to say). then z gets pissed at me blocks me tries to ruin things with another close friend of mine, after failing to do it with me and x, and passes it off as me being a shitty person. in turn this obviously makes x and her friend feel bad about themselves. i tell them don't worry about it and to stop the fake flirting thing and just stay out of it from this point on. x's friend doesn't really give a fuck, but x tries to help me and feels bad about possibly ruining an old friendship. eventually she just stays out of it and everything's fine and dandy, except for the fact that z and his friend (another note z's friend is another really close friend of mine) now hate x and her friend. but it's whatever x and her friend don't give a fuck at this point neither does z and his friend. but something i noticed was z continued to talk with x and still is, after he told me to not even be friends with her then blocking me! and z knows i still have a thing for her yet i have the feeling he's talking to her romantically, or at least trying to. making me contemplate my friendship with z a lot. sorry if my grammars bad i had to cover a lot of drama and i rushed a lot of it. tl;dr:my friends fake af should i drop him.	12
seriously - fuck march. april can't come fast enough! with the game of thrones trailer dropping today, plus the absolutely frigid temperatures i woke up to, it was yet another reminder that this month will probably drag ass and feel like eternity. i can start with the obvious - got comes back with its final season in april. attack on titan will come back to air my favorite arc (return to shinganshina). archer comes back. she-ra comes back. star vs the forces of evil comes back. and did i forget to mention? endgame will also be released! plus detective pikachu is right around the corner in may. more personally tho, i have this newish (4 mos) bf who is absolutely wonderful. but he just took a job where he's 35 days on/35 off...with the "on" being in freakin algeria. when will he be back? you guessed it - april. plus my birthday is in april. not that i have even celebrated it for years, but just knowing i get to be with my bf for the day will be enough for me is anyone else begging for march to just hurry along?!	6
the cake is a lie u/mistercakelol exposed	5
yo i can finally make a subreddit now very cool	0
why is it so hard to find a girl who likes minecraft and would date me	4
i'm board and i'm super tall for my age at 6'1.5 in shoes so ask me questions and joke about me lol	1
does she (15f) like me (15m) or am i just a friend? background i (15m) have a crush on this girl (15f) friend zoned: to be or not to be, that is the question --------------------pros------------------ * we're friends * she calls me a lot (typically late at night) * calls last from 40 minutes to 2 hours and 10 minutes (average around 1 hour) * snaps me during school with the exception of 2nd, 4th, 5th and 6th periods * i became her snapchat #1 bff * she has social anxiety but is very open to me * sometimes i catch her look at me but then she looks away * she asked me to pick out her new nails * she usually isn't the one to end conversations * usually responds within a few minutes * shares her interests with me * is comfortable around me * tried to invite me to a party but we both ended up not going for unrelated reasons * stays up late talking to me * she will send me snaps of her with a kissy face/puckered lips * sometimes she will try to send snaps that make her look cute * she said "i literally love you" * called me a snack * called me a full course meal * her friend thinks she likes me * she smiles at me and blushes --------------------cons------------------ * she tried to match make me twice both times i didn't cooperate * she denied liking me last year after i stated that her friend said i did. (i am unsure if she was nervous or not) * i asked her out to the zoo but she tried to bring her friend and we ended up not going * she has other male friends * at track she smiled and waved at someone it might of been her brother but i think that would be kinda weird tldr: there are a lot of promising signs that this girl is giving me but there are also some negative ones and i don't know what she wants us to be.	3
venting about work related anxiety. hi guys. for a while now, i've been suffering from anxiety, especially in relations to work. no matter what job i have, and for how long i have it, i get debilitating anxiety. vomiting, sore stomach, panic attacks, constant sobbing. i've been at my current job for 2 months and i've already had 2 weeks off. i made up excuses as to why i couldn't make it to work. i have no real reason to be anxious. i've got a great family, great boyfriend, i've made some great friends at the job i'm in. every other job i've had has been fine, it's just happens. certain mornings i wake up, i literally cannot drag myself out of bed to go to work, and some days i can. this whole week i just couldn't and now i'm dreading tomorrow. i worry if i'm right for the job, i worry about what people think of me, i worry if i've made mistakes. i worry about everything. usually, once i'm there, i'm ok, but sometimes i'm not. i feel like there's two versions of me: the rational me, who is determined, hardworking and positive. and there's the irrational me, who bullies the other me into a corner and takes over my body. she is negative and miserable. constantly puts me down and says that i'm no good. i feel like i'm trapped. sorry for the rant, guys. just needed to vent.	2
i am. contemplating. it would jsut be soeasy but also if reincarnation is real i dont wanna be cishet so fuck	7
i think i know you irl	5
i think e-books might be wrecking my reading mojo. i've been stuck in the reading doldrums for most of the last year. starting books, then only getting a little way into them before giving up. between my kindle and electronic tablet, i have about 300 e-books at my fingertips. over christmas, i made a decision to pick up a real book ('the aunt's story ' by patrick white in case anyone's interested). this was the first time in forever that i'd picked up a proper book. i loved it! absolutely devoured the story and launched myself into another one as soon as i had finished. i'm suspecting that there are a few things going on here: 1) reading seems to be a sensory thing. i love the smell and feel of a book. 2) i'm thinking that i am developing the concentration span of a goldfish. if i'm reading in my tablet and it gets a bit dull, there are online newspapers, games, facebook, reddit and any amount of other ways to waste my time. plus having so many books right there is a bit of an incentive to just flick to another book. i've talked about this with a couple of other ladies in my book club and i'm wondering if it's a common phenomenon?	6
got rejected from my dream phd program hi guys. i got the information yesterday afternoon. i have dream about this program and this university since i first started my master degree. sadness is the only thing i feel right now. when i got the interview invitation i told myself that it will be okay if they reject me, maybe i'm not suitable for the program. it's better when they reject me than i'm suffering for 4 or 5 years or even longer than that. but then i got rejected and i feel so bad about my performance. maybe i should have introduced my self better. maybe i should have done more research, have more experience. every scenes from the interview keep running through my mind. in one side i can understand some of their reasons but at the same time, i still strongly think i'm qualified. it went along with another bad new that the government scholarship that i applied to is rejected too. basically after they received it, they called me through mobile phone, asked me to send over some legalization stuffs before april 20th. i sent them yesterday (04/12), message them through fb to let them know that the documents are on their way. they told me the list is already closed. they don't know if my name is on the list or not and basically don't give a single fuck. so i guess my chance is as low as it can be it has been a long week for me. i'm sorry the things i wrote are all negative. i'm sure i will be fine and i can improve myself, gain more experience and i definitely learnt sth from this. i'm just still processing everything. i hope everyone is doing good. have a nice weekend ~	1
guys im gonna see snow today not a big deal but like it is a big deal to me bc it never snows !!	0
take ur meds ladies n gents i stopped taking zoloft like 2 weeks ago bc it made me hungry, but now i keep getting dizzy and like cry all the time ssris r lame so we out here. chilling	2
just followed someone from school that i do not talk to on accident lol i literally do not talk to him, and it was on xbox it says offline but he could be appearing offline lol	4
r u my crush cuz u make me wanna kill myself #smooth upvote, follow, comment	0
jake and logan paul tv series idea... recently got into these guys. hilarious. up there with jackass. they do some crazy stuff. so i was thinking what about a netflix series with them traveling to different places around the globe? i've seen comedians and such do those type of series and always thought the paul brothers would be brilliant in them. i know the internet hates them so it would be just more hilarious	1
reddit makes me feel good. thank you	6
i really like this one - i like my men how i like my horses always up for a ride	5
i told my crush i liked them and her boyfriend respects me for being confident enough to say that to someone who already has a boyfriend and they don't hate me. so my crush and her boyfriend actually are my friends now and don't think i am a nuisance for not keeping it to myself. i'm so happy that i did this and i managed to finally move on by getting that off my chest.	0
if you feel like venting to someone, or feel like getting something off your chest, my dm's are open, i'll listen to you :) i feel like i haven't done anything productive in a good minute and i just wanna see how y'all are doing	1
sooo i was ready to make a move on my crush. i made a post asking for advice and was ready to do it. the problem is she's going through something she won't tell me about. we tell each other everything. so needless to say i'm worried. we've been friends for a while so i'm going to help her through it whatever it is. but every time i try to think of something to say it seems like it would be friendzone-esque or seem like i'm trying to make a move and right now isn't the time for either of those!	15
sometimes my boobs turn me on they're just so big a juicy i can't help it. is that weird?	5
here is a irs scammers number so have fun 888-972-3299 no joke it's actually a scammers number..	1
hey girl, are you the room where it happens because i want to be in you	5
the rise and fall of my friend group this is a really long story of 5 years of me and my friends troubles| enjoy so i am in the friend group as we call it. it started back in 4th grade. me and my first really good friend met. that year we met 3 other people. so now it was 5th grade. everything was nice and we were really great friends. there was nothing in the world that could break us apart. but here is the important part to remember. my first crush was in 5th grade. we will call her jenna. jenna was my first crush. comes 6th grade we meet some more people. we met this really cool guy and we all became friends. and i still had a crush on jenna. so skip to 7th grade. we meet 2 people of two different personality's. all is kinda going well in the grade until we get a name for our group. the tramp squad. my group and i would do trampoline tricks when we would hang out, we would take clips and edit them, after we would post them to ig. we were actually pretty good. but that name spread around the school like a wild fire. even grades below knew who we were. and it will forever stick with us. around halfway of 8th grade is when it went downhill. half my friends got invited to a christmas party, not me, and guess who was there. jenna. i was not worried at the time about that so it did not bother me. i'm sitting on xbox about 2 weeks after the party and find out one of my best friends asked out my jenna. i was devastated. i look back now and know it could have been avoided by me making some moves earlier but who cares now. at the time i went into some kind of depression. not really depressed but just really sad when i thought about my best friend and jenna together. skip to around end of 8th grade, they dated until march when she broke up with him. the day after she face timed me. me being stupid i picked up and we started talking. we talked for a while. i decided i did not want to ask her out until high school. but we had a (thing) at the time of our thing, she was taking to 2 other guys in our friend group. one of them was feeding embarrassing things about me, and the other i still don't know because it's still happening. i also felt bad because know i was dating my friend ex which made our little relationship awkward. i ended it with her in august. around this time there were 11 of us in our group. but once everyone found out about this person feeding jenna embarrassing information about me, it was also about everyone else. so we confronted him about and he denied it, but we had proof. we completely made a new group chat and befriended him basically. but ever since we did that, everyone has been toxic to each other. some people make fun of certain people for things they do. i make youtube videos and stream and they make fun of me for it. but this is not like picking on someone for fun once in a while. we have large arguments almost everyday. and it's just terrible. i am really just watching my friend group fall apart - sorry if this was written poorly or punctuation was bad, this is my first time writing a story on redit	14
i just got 3 spicy chickens sandwiches and a frosted lemonade from chick-fil-a for free i used my 2801 points i had, and now i have 501 i love democracy	0
i'm meeting my dad for the first time in about a decade today. last time i saw him i was pretty much a toddler, and i don't remember a single thing about him. he never tried to talk to me or invite me over during the last 9-10 years. i'm kind of scared to see him, i wonder what he'll think of me as i'll be a completely different person. of course i'm furious with him because he let money control his life (longggg story) but i'll try to avoid any conversations that will lead to arguments. wish me luck guys	9
i thought sports were supposed to be cancelled this year... so why does she keep playing games???	2
having sex in my boyfriends jacuzzi [nsfw] this sunday after we had a couple of friends over to my boyfriends parents house, he and i decided to get a little frisky in the jacooz, brought along lube and i'm on the pill so i didn't think i had much to worry about. i mean obviously at the time it was very worth it, very cool, very drunk, but the following consequences canceled it out 10x. the next day, a weird bump shows up just outside of my cooter hole, thinking it was only an ingrown pubic hair i don't let it bother me and wait for it to just go away. well it didn't. it just got worse and worse. bigger and bigger. horrible...er and horribler... by the third day i couldn't even stand up without feeling like my vagina was going to pop. laying down was bad and i didn't even think about sitting down so i decide to take my poor cooch to my doctor for some questioning. i'm sitting in the doctors office, no pants, legs in a stirrup waiting to hear that it's just an infected ingrown hair waiting to be plucked when in walks my doctor but she isn't my friendly ginger lady doctor i'm used to, same woman, different feel. she tells me it's a bartholin's abscess. inside of every cooter are two cyst on both sides where lubricant is produced for hanky pank and one of my two had become blocked, filled with pus, "plum full", my doctor said, and infected. there are two fixes, antibiotics if the abscess isn't too large or marsupialisation which is a small procedure where the infected pus is drained and a small stitch is added to allow constant drainage until completely empty, well because i'm a dumb idiot and i waited two days i had the operation under local anesthetic. barely even numb from the first painful needle, she starts in with the scalpel... never in my 20 years have i ever experienced anything nearly this painful and i've had my fair share of broken bones and uncomfortable tattoos. i scream and cry until she finishes squeezing the last of the mistake out of my cooter while she apologizes and asks for more gauze every 10 seconds. finally finished after lord knows how much gauze and three times the amount of infected puss, i was done and feeling...lighter? i don't know but it was immediate relief. i sat up and could actually sit. the few minutes of agony were worth it. i had a check up scheduled, a prescription of 40 pain killers (what) prescribed, cleaned myself up, and went on my way. tldr; fugzed in the coozi, got a huge infection, slice n dice my cooter, acquired a large amount of pain killers edit: no longer a wall of text. sorry, mobile user/didn't notice edit2: i'm only assuming it happened from the cooz because we didn't bang after that and then it showed up. it can be caused by anything at anytime. be mindful of ur lady boners, ladies. edit3:cyst=blocked, full. abscess=blocked, full, and infected.	0
asking a girls father for permission to take her out. not sure if this is the right subreddit, but long story short, me and a girl really like each other, and from what it seems she is ready to pursue a relationship. we're both 17 if that matters. basically any guy that takes her out she wants to ask her dad first or just talk about it. i'm assuming i'm gonna be the first one. the thing is, her dad is the pastor of my church which is bad enough, but is not a small guy by any means. i'm honestly terrified to have this conversation but i want to do it because i care about her. i told her the other day i was ready to do it and asked what he would expect out of me. the only thing she said was to say "hangout" instead of "date" because apparently he would go into a speech about how dating is audition for marriage. i am clueless about what to say or how to even approach him about this. anybody who went through this before please input! tl;dr i have to ask my crush's dad for permission before i take her out and i'm terrified.	1
what is something you have to do, but you're so comfortable right now? i'm in a clinic right now, to do some exams and bring to my doctor. but i noticed how nice the air conditioner is, and is scorching outside. i'm talking about 30 degrees celsius outside, the feel of the fires of hell just outside this building. i really don't want to go outside and what about you guys? can you guys relate somehow? i'm sure some of you really didn't want to get out of bed!	1
went down a deep rabbit hole and found out how to cook dmt easily in my kitchen it's really easy that's all i gotta say	18
tweezing damn near all of both my eyebrows off obligatory this happened a little over 3 weeks ago. i was getting ready for an event that i really wanted to make a good impression at, and i got a little too tweezer happy and was so zoomed in on my eyebrows that when i stepped back to look at them, they were gone! except for like one skinny line, 1-2 hairs thick (without eyebrows) i don't wear a lot of makeup, and don't usually draw on eyebrows, so every day since has been a pain in the ass, having to draw them on just fucking right so my face doesn't look weird. and not just a little weird. i have never appreciated my eyebrows more. they've almost grown back but not enough for me to not have to paint them on every mf day. tl;dr 2 weeks ago getting ready for an event accidentally tweezed almost all my eyebrows off. now i have to draw them on everyday and it takes forever	5
trump stole my husband i've lost my husband to trump. since before the election and since trump has made my husband a very angry man. we no longer live together. i miss him and so lonely	4
and wrote "you mama gai" in the wrong place. so yeah guys, it's midnight, so imma just say this happened esterday, but i was logging into this "console8" application so i could take my microsoft tech associate fundamentals thing for software development and there's a space for the proctor to login. so as i was waiting, i goofed off and just wrote some stuff in the username section. i got the splendid idea of writing "you mama gai" verbatim, so i did, but i forgot to take it off, so when the teacher came over to put his info on, he saw it and said "what?" and i'm like : "uhhhhh nothing lemme delete that real quick". luckily, i didn't replace it with something worse (yes i had that idea). i'm going to save your eyes though. i'm so pleased i didn't write *that* down. tl;dr so i wrote down something i shouldn't. the teacher made some confused noises, but it all turned out ok. and i passed	18
unsure of how to proceed and whether to stay in my (f27) relationship with my boyfriend (m38) hey, reddit! i'm having a little bit of trouble with a long-distance relationship (he lives a three hour drive away) over how to proceed and would like some insight from those who are outside of the situation! i have been with my current boyfriend for a year and a half. we started as friends, and it was never something i intended to happen, yet here we are. he isn't my obvious type. older than me, a little heavier set. a 'normal' kind, good guy. for the first year of our relationship, things were lovely! sex was frequent, i found him lovely and that was that. after the new relationship phase started to dim down, his flaws started to grate on me increasingly so. he's very messy, doesn't work out, didn't (he does a better job now) look after himself very well- he'd show off his butt in public with ill fitting pants and so on, and i've grown up around taking lots of pride in your appearance, which i realise can be a flaw in itself. he has a fear of heights, planes, boats; won't travel on trains. he's had to leave me half way up buildings and return downstairs and wait for me. all of these things frustrate me as they involve areas of life that i love, as i adore travelling and exploring the world. he is in the position of moving soon to a new job a little closer to where i currently live, and i am going through major surgery in a month, and upon recovery, after about 6-9 months want to return to a previous job overseas for a few years, returning for time off every 6 months for about 2 months (we would be unable to talk for very long periods of time) - he said he wouldn't stop me and would still be here when i got back. he's lovely, kind, buys me small gifts like candles (i adore candles!) from time to time when i'm down. we haven't had sex now in about 8 months because i'm finding myself really unattracted to him, but still have love for him. i don't know if i can say that i am in love with him or not, and i've tried to end this relationship a couple of times already, to which he promises to change or give him another chance and i have, hence here we are. do i stay with a man who i'm finding i see as a companion, is wonderfully kind, good, good looking and generally a lovely person, but find lacking sexual attraction towards and frustration at the things that i would want us to do together, but he outright denies he will ever fix and aren't that big of a deal? i've found myself looking at him, confused over my feelings that i might not find someone as lovely as him and are these issues not really that bad? i'm a social person at times, like to chat and play video games with friends, hang out at restaurants and with family. he's better at one on one and doesn't take well to being invited to join my friends or family to a video game or dinner out, and if he does he will only really talk to me and unintentionally often ignore others when being spoken to. we've both been cooling off on each other a little lately; myself first due to these feelings i'm having and him following suit, due to my actions i assume (understandably) - we recently saw each other and there was no intimacy or show of affection from either of us, and prior to that texts and calls have been short and few and far between but he seemed relatively normal, talking about being to come see me after he moves to his new job and so on, but when we do speak it's all pretty normal! i hope this doesn't come off as shallow, and i am aware that looks and sexual attraction aren't everything, but i'd really appreciate some outside opinions here. thank you!! tl;dr - boyfriend is lovely, but lots of issues including lack of sex, sexual attractions and some of his fears are setting me back and doubting the future of our relationship.	8
i love it when a redditor says that they hate someone, posting the person's first name, and then the rest of reddit joins in on the hate i know it's not serious. it just feels like one of the best traits of reddit's culture. everyone chatting like they know each other and being empathetic in a real funny way. when i see little recognisable things like that it makes me feel apart of the community and like i have a stronger identity. those parts of reddit make the terrible parts less concerning to me. it's probably pretty silly. i love you all.	8
my (25f) married boss (37m) hired me, had an affair with me and is now threatening me. sorry - accidentally deleted! this is a doozy. i'll try and sum it up. i already know i've made terrible decisions 2019 and i've been feeling the guilt for days so no need to let me have it. i'm more curious what i now have to do in this situation and i'm relying on y'all for better perspective. 4 months ago i was messaged by current boss (let's call him todd) on a networking site saying he wanted to bring me on in restaurant management. i had a photo on here. this is a place that is franchised and i go regularly as does my family to this location. he's the head chef. i was hired. throughout the 4 months he steadily flirted with me, always touching me, making comments. i never thought anything of it as he does it to anyone and he's married. todd continually texted me outside of work. when i wouldn't respond i'd get a "really?!..." or some comment about how long it took me. the job promised promotions and felt as though it was going nowhere. todd approached me one day after work for a drink at the bar, which was normal. he offered to drive me home and immediately started rubbing my leg, trying to kiss my hand. he was charming and i knew it was completely wrong. somehow we stated kissing and then i backed off, asked him what he was doing. i said "you're married." he looked disappointed somehow that i knew this and maybe thought i didn't... i asked if he had an open relationship, he said no. he asked if he said he could come inside, i said i wasn't comfortable with it and had no idea what he wanted. the job was going nowhere, and i felt i was hired by todd as his object of amusement because he liked my photo. this was a place i enjoyed being at though. i felt it was best to move on so i gave my notice the next day. hadn't returned since or really talk to him after. i got a text the next week and we both stupidly drunkenly met up, at his house actually. *their house.* i knew it was terrible and stupid and somehow... went anyway. i know.... that night i almost felt sympathy because he said how unhappy he was and would just stare and me and say how wished it was me and life was unfair. if he could trade places he would. he wanted to change his situation and wished i was his girl instead. (blah, blah.) i didn't ask him any questions or ask him to say any of this but it felt like he was just confiding in me. i simply responded that i'd meet him where he was at with this. it felt like he genuinely confessed something to me. **here it goes:** the next week i heard nothing from todd. when he's always texting me. i said we should meet and talk. he said there's nothing to talk about. i said we should just go over it. he said it's not complicated, don't over think it. (*dating a married man isn't complicated okay*) he kept ignoring me the next week. i finally called, and said if he feels like this i'm not just a booty call and it would've been nice to hear from him. he totally shut down and responded by saying he has no time for me and kept yelling at me saying "i expect answers like i'm in 12th grade" and to get over it. he then messaged me saying he felt sick to his stomach and i deserved the world. i couldn't keep up and i'm still confused rn tbh... he sent me a text just now saying something like he's 'going to block my number, if i ever contact him, if i ever see him again, if i ever go to his place of work, he has friends and cousins who are members of the police. and he will contact his friends' ???? this is a place i visited. worked. had parties at. i'm still owed money from the bar. i feel like i'm being harassed and threatened into never showing up again when he has no grounds to do this. he has only worked there 8 months. i did for 4 of them. it's like i was just hired as amusement and used. i've accepted we both obviously made bad choices here. but now it's like i'm being silenced and harassed. i think he's just afraid of his wife knowing obviously. i'm not sure how to approach this, or even how to return to this place, for my money or parties as usual. as the other woman i've been feeling like absolute shit. and would the wife even want to know...?!! any advice is welcome.... **update**: i did talk to hr anonymously and she said if i report it, because it's franchised it would be up to the owners to make a decision. he's been there under 1 yr. **tldr;** married boss hired me and hit on me and we hooked up. i quit and am still owed money from work and he's threatening me into never returning.	2
that one time i almost quit drawing it was summer 2015, and i was very bored. my mom has always encouraged the fact i draw and like to create things, so she suggested i draw a huge mural on one of my room's walls. that was a pretty awesome idea wasn't it? and so i began working on it. as a huge pokemon fan i wanted to put some legendaries in the composition, so i drew the third gen legendary pokemon. after about a week of working on it, i was finally done and i was pretty proud of myself, so i thought to myself "hmm maybe i can send it to that one cool videogame facebook page with a ton of followers that always shares artwork and gaming stations, so that they will share it and i will be cool for three minutes! eheh i'm a genius" as the picture of my pokemon mural was shared, a bunch of grown ass adults started to comment "pls kill me" memes because they thought it looked weird. i was super sad because i used to be actually really proud of it at first, and then these fedoras go and make fun of a literal child's work. i think i was so disheartened i quit drawing for about a year. now my work still sucks but the fedoras weren't able to stop me, so fuck you cringy gamer page followers	0
just got a dog, what should her name be? taking in suggestions	0
me and my friends stripped the mannequins at pacsun this was like , in january , n we were at the mall . soo we went into pacsun , and my friend wanted this rib shirt or something (idk tf) and there was nothing in her size. so she looked at a mannequin , that was xs , and she tried to remove the shirt , which was rly hard , considering that the mannequin had her hand on her hip . so we all tried to remove it , and in the end we did :d idk why , but we started laughing , and we all started removing shirts from all the mannequins . everybody else started looking at us , and that made us laugh more . the thing was , all of these mannequins were in poses , so it was rly hard . but we managed to strip at least 9 mannequins . and well we ran out apologies to the workers at pacsun-	7
i get overly attached to people for no reason. i legit care too much. one day you could be a stranger and the next i'd be going to the ends of the world for you. not even kidding. which sucks when they wouldn't do the same for you oh well, guess that's life	7
how i got shit all over myself this morning. oh, hi. i have a story you're gonna love. it's about how i accidentally smeared shit all over myself this morning. i woke up super early with the urgent need to poop due to eating half a pizza and half a box of oreos last night. i sit on the toilet, and on the ground i see a tiny little bug, so i squish it with a kleenex. oddly enough there is no dead bug on the ground, and no dead bug on the kleenex. whatever! i proceed to have explosive diarrhea. fast forward to wiping time. as i go to wipe my ass, mid-wipe i look down.... there is the bug on my leg it stealth climbed up me and is now running around on me in a panic. in this moment, i instantly forget i am wiping explosive munchies poops off myself, and my hands start flailing to smack the bug off of me. with dirty toilet paper in hand. and that, people of reddit, is how i ended up with shit all over myself this morning. thanks for coming to my ted talk.	12
someone gild this post to show r/self mods who's boss.	0
i (24 f) am about to text my ex (26 m) because i am pathetic... i know i shouldn't but i'm struggling and i know we both still care about way other. we broke up because of commitment: i gave an ultimatum and he's not ready. we were complicated but mostly happy and together almost a year. i have been numb and depressed and having issues in my life that are made harder not having him. i'm used to being alone and don't mind not being in a relationship, but i'm lonely and the thought of actually getting over him is too much. i can't even imagine being with anyone else and i feel like i have no control. i've already typed out this text i want to send and just planning to send it tomorrow is making me feel better and more calm. i don't know if i'm asking for advice or venting or want to have my mind changed, but i appreciate any comments, even the ones telling me how stupid this is tl; dr loving someone who can't commit is the worst and the breakup is even harder to deal with.	4
alright boys i got a question whats about the age i should stop playing minecraft (like considered to old). (im fr ).	1
i used to charge my phone while i sleep but now i don't sleep i hapee no,,o$?odeg'dego$?o,, i nave no c/s commetit	2
something extremely important you guys need to know you are all extremely cute and i would hug each and every single one of you	3
(30f) struggling to move on from this almost relationship! i had been seeing what i thought was a lovely guy for the last three months and felt like everything was going great. i felt like we had a lot in common and thought we were on the same page, often talking about the future. i guess i couldn't believe my luck after a couple of previous dating disasters and had no reason to doubt anything. things started off slowly for the first couple of weeks but progressed pretty quickly after that. we just never had the official chat but i didn't feel the need to. we were very coupley when we were together and he made it seem like he was really interested. i saw him just before the new year and again everything seemed great. the problem was over the next couple of weeks he was moving into a new house and knew he would be busy. i tried to leave him to it, but he became quite distant and went from being quite thoughtful and caring to making me feel like an inconvenience (i'm not sure he meant to and i didn't say anything so he probably had no idea). i put it down to him having a lot on with his house but felt really rubbish about such a sudden change, i didn't want to push him so i just went along with it. he continued for 3 weeks to act like he was still interested but distant until last week when he text to say he didn't want to mess me around anymore but he though it might be a good idea to leave things. he said he clearly didn't have the time for serious right now. i know it hadn't been long but i can't help but feel really upset and like i'm not getting the full story. i haven't even seen him to speak to him so i've not got any answers. i know there's not really anything i can do but i guess i'm hurt that he led me to believe we had a future and also that it was ok to just text like i would be ok with the way he's acted. i know i probably sound pathetic but i just don't understand where things went wrong. part of me wants to believe he has just freaked out as he has had a lot on and things we're moving quickly but i just don't know. i really liked him and had really started to fall for him. tldr; has anyone been through anything similar? i know time is a great healer but at the moment i'm finding it hard to look past it as nothing bad actually happened and things just seemed to go from one extreme to the other so quickly but with no real explanation.	2
bought a german poetry anthology i bought a book a poetry anthology by hans magnus enzensberger. it has the original german text alongside the english translation. reading it truly made me realize just how similar german is to english. i feel like i could probably learn some basic german just by studying this book. i just found this super fascinating and wanted to share it with you guys	6
i(18m) am stuck having feelings for this girl(18f) so this girl i was talking to was not expecting much but i ending up starting to like them and they started to like me we've kissed and i've gotten handsy but that's it. but here's a problem she's in love with my best friend while another best friend of mine has had feelings for her for years but she doesn't feel the same. now here's another problem she has a bf that's not my best friend, she doesn't like the guy but won't leave him because of her family and she's been with him so long. i don't know how i should move on from my feelings she's told me she thinks she may love me but has retracted that statement due to her being very confused and things popping up in family life. for those wanting me to throw even more tea into the harbor it's not relevant but my best friend that the girl is in love with his gf tried getting with me nearly a year ago and he's asked me if we have done anything we've done nothing how should i move on cause it's not healthy to like her but i can't help it? tl;dr i want to get over girl that is in love with my best friend and has a different bf	4
anyone wanna play stardew valley this is probably going to be removed, but i tried to post on r/stardewvalleyfriends but was directed here because i wanted to play with 13-16 year olds. if you're interested, dm me and we can work out the details. thanks!	6
i finally got some cooch then i woke up	2
i just realized my room has shit decor i've got: - two small mismatching ikea tables in size and color next to each other for my cat - an ugly wire shelf to put plants and other shiz on - a lamp on one of the ikea tables with two biscuit cookie boxes under it to make it taller - a folding table as a bedside table - my cat has two litter boxes in my room=ugly and stink - the random things i put up on my wall - a crate and a cardboard box for my cat and then rest is ok, my cat obviously has taken over but in the end it's my room and i'm comfy with it :)	11
becoming official in a relationship f25 & m29 so i've (f) have been dating this guy since november, we are in a long distance relationship and see each other twice a month for a few days a time but we are both exclusive with each other we just havent actually had that talk about becoming official (but i always tell people hes my boyfriend anyway because it just feels right for me) so i'm planning on asking him to be my boyfriend on friday when i see him, but i want to make it a really nice memorable thing for us both and i'm kind of nervous actually, usually it's always the guys asking the girl but i really want him and want to make it good for us both! i've booked us a table at a nice restaurant with a beautiful view near a lake on friday evening and i was planning on doing it after dinner while we have a walk in the restaurants garden admiring the view, but i'm kind of stuck on what to say? i was thinking maybe just saying something like so we have been dating for a while now would you like to officially be my boyfriend? or do you guys have any better suggestions what to say or how to approach him with asking? wording or planning things isnt always my strong suit so any help would be really appreciated tl;dr any suggestions on what to say to guy i'm dating to become official boy/girlfriend in a relationship	1
people who use the " " emoji deserve to be in the deepest pit of hell possible i don't know what else to say.	11
thank you to the doctors that didn't let me die in my moms stomach :) if it wasn't for then i would he dead right now. when my mom was pregnant with me the doctors told my mom that after the first couple testing they thought they found something on the back of me head. this thing that they thought they found was something that would cause a major disability. they said i would need assistance my whole life, i would have trouble walking and breathing. my mom can't remember but she said she thinks they told her it was a form of autism. after they found this out they told my mom to have an abortion, because i'd be autistic. they told her that there wasn't any real reason to have because of the fact i would need assistance my entire life and wouldn't live a normal life. this absolutely broke my moms heart. she said for the next whole week she did nothing but cry, she said she couldn't even go to work. but she continued to do testing and then even on the 5th one they still thought they found something on the back of my head. my mom didn't know what to do at all, she was so broken thinking they she might have to kill me. but she didn't want to stop there, they got one final test. this test was going to testing the water in me. they got a needle(lets say from the bottom of your palm to almost the top of your middle finger) and stuck it in my mom to test my water. after a 2 week wait it finally came back, i was a perfectly healthy and fine baby. there was nothing wrong with me at all! i am absolutely so thankful for these doctors and how they saved my life and trauma for my mom. like i hope these doctors have the happiest lives ever and are never brought down, because there work is absolutely great! without these doctors and my mom being influenced by them when they told her to abort me, i wouldn't be here thanking the doctors. i will forever be thankful and i believe all this happened for a reason. one last thank you... thank you to great canadian doctors that brought happiness to my mom and not letting me die	9
anyone else kinda confused why queer people get a whole month but straight people don't ??? i'm so sick of the heterophobia in today's society	11
covid19 is the most well functioning made in china product (no offense) sorry if i sound racist. i don't mean to racially stereotype anything. pls just take it a a joke and if its not funny downvote it and ill delete it	8
my birthday is tomorrow! finally gonna be old enough to legally be on this sub	0
in the last 3 days i've finished my first ever ep that i've been working on for months and got my first full time job. so excited, i wanted to share with you guys [deleted]	6
gamer girl bathwater has anyone bought it?	5
hello weary traveler. feel free to take a break from scrolling and admire this beautiful being before you. stay as long as you want . [d8][d3567]e[d37] [d78][d78][d3678][d3678][d3678][d78][d7] _[d1237] =[d7] [d78][d3567][d1234568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1235678][d23678][d7] e[d38][d678])a[d78][d378][d47]d[d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d2378] [d8][d7]a @dg1@[d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678]=[d1234567][d1234568][d2378] [d8][d234567][d178][d78] 01d[d123578][d7] [d124568][d12345678][d12345678]x[d368][d35678][d23678][d3678][d145678] [d8][d3568][d235678][d2378] [d8][d2345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1235678][d234678][d1345678][d2345678][d12345678][d13678][d35678][d12345678][d12345678][d1234567][d28]9[d2458][d1234567][d1234568][d12345678][d23678][d35678][d2345678]a_[d345678][d1234567] [d8][d23457]ad]=qc g[d14568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d3478][d368][d345678][d12345678][d2345678][d12345678][d123457]c [d2345678][d1235678][d235678]l [d3678][d378][d78][d7]@][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1237] c@c [d2368][d47][d124568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d235678][d235678][d235678][d235678][d3678][d1345678][d14567][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1237] c4[d1345678][d124567][d1234568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1235678][d34578][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1237] [d4568][d12345678][d12345678][d1235678][d235678][d234678][d134678][d1345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678] [d78][d78][d478][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678]l [d1234568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678]b ?[d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1234567]qa	3
my retainer hurts i forgot to wear it last night smh	16
what's going on fellas? what are you amazing people up to? how's your day going on? it's currently 3:30 pm here. and i am bored as hell. like, i am confident that i will beat my wall at a staring contest	1
i am procrastinating right now.. i have a lot of work to do (decorating some cakes at home) and i don't want to do anything. i had 2 days off and was supposed to spend them working on cakes, but i do that enough at work, so i put everything off til the last minute like usual haha. so anyways, how is everyone's night going? anyone wanna help me procrastinate even more and have a nice chat? lol damn i don't wanna do anything	1
dude i hate the lgbtq community standards so much. so much. like what the fuck. i see posts of girls on media saying that they're lesbian, some even kissing each other and both girls and guys of all colors are like "ooh you guys are so cute!!!" but when two guys do the same thing and kiss people in the comments are like " uhh" "anyways wtf" they're treating love like it's a joke. mlm is still frowned upon by society and it's fucking disgusting. no this isn't lesbian vs gay. mlm is just so much more frowned upon more than any other sexuality it's awful.	5
i zoom through the hallways i don't give a shit about their gender	0
my (24f) bf's (25m) mother (44f) butts into the relationship too much i really like my boyfriend's family. his grandparents are my parents age, and he lived with them while he was growing up. he seems closer to them than his mom. i like his mom but she really makes me angry sometimes, and then i end up thinking about all the other stupid stuff she has said to me over the last 5 years. she is very nice to me for the most part and has been very giving, but i can't get over the things she has said to me because they are all about how i am a bad person and should change myself to accommodate her son. she continuously shoves herself in our relationship. now my boyfriend and i live in hawaii together because he is in the military. both of our families live on the mainland in the midwest, and he doesn't communicate with his family very much at all. if they want a quick response usually they'll contact me because i always answer. so his family has no idea how we live our lives, and i don't think his mom knows me well at all. i see her like 2 times a year - if that. i had a hard time when my boyfriend first joined the military. he was far away and i felt like my relationship was just ripped away from me - i had no idea how to do long distance. in the first few months of him being away she asked me to come over so she could talk to me and she ended up telling me "you're not the most important thing in his life anymore, sorry." before she said that i did hang out with her and try to create a good relationship without my boyfriend present. but after that i was just kind of done trying. since then she has made two remarks that have rubbed me the wrong way. 1. when we were doing long distance i told him it makes me feel awkward that his mom invites herself places with us when he comes back on leave. i would like to go on a date just once and have alone time with him outside of going to bed together every night and then getting up early to go do the forced plans his mom made for us. she freaked out and told him that i was taking him away from his family and that i was a bad person and that "this will never happen again. she will not tell me i can't see my son." i am the one who would drive him to all his family events when he would come back on leave. i never ever said no to anything she has asked of me because i think family is important. i just don't want to spend every hour of seeing him with her too. this is the biggest thing that has made me dislike her a little bit. i am not a child, he is not a child. relationships require alone time and the mother-son relationship is a bit weird in my book. she has asked him for money and has put pressures on him that should be put on a parent. 2. we were going to pick him up from the airport two christmases ago and she said "oh, so why would it make you feel uncomfortable that i'm always coming along with you guys? it's not like you're trying to have sex in public or anything." that's just a very strange thing to say. i didn't talk to her the rest of the car ride to the airport. at a christmas party days later she threw a fit that we were going to my family's party that year too. she only wanted him to go to his family parties and didn't care that i was missing my family every year. he wanted to be fair and split the day up like we should have been doing all along. she's made other remarks, but those two stand out to me. the other day i made a facebook post about how i am lazy when i do laundry and i just fold shirts inside out. and at the end it said "... i just laughed to myself because [bf] probably wonders why all his shirts are inside out. " she wrote this stupid comment: "he's been doing his own laundry since he was 11 or 12, so he's probably just used to turning them right sided when he folds them! it's the way we all do it in our family, probs because that's how i do it. wash it how it's in the hamper and fix it when you fold it! give him a break and be nice, give him time to learn your way in a nice way :)" the post literally said that i am lazy about laundry, so i just fold shirts how they get put into the clothes hamper, and she took it as an insult directed at her son. he has even made fun of me about the shirts being inside out. it was a silly post, and she needed to make it into a me vs him thing. she's constantly telling me to be nice to him, give him a chance. he doesn't even talk to her, so she doesn't know how i even act towards him. she does not know me very well yet she thinks she can always try to tell me what to do and then tell him i'm a rude, bad person. i'm so tired of it. it's hard for me not to get angry with him about his mom's comments. he told me he doesn't care what she says anymore because it doesn't matter. but it gets under my skin so much, and i don't know what i can do about it. tldr; boyfriend's mom makes comments to me that really rub me the wrong way. i don't know how i should handle her comments.	1
anyone wanna call and talk to a sad grill (that doesn't exist)? i promise i won't complain, i just want someone to talk to on the phone. i'm 15. names bean. chances are, we have something in common.	1
why can't all girls be like belle delphine? they're so jealous, that she's stealing all the from them. guys don't like them anymore	1
guys sorry for robbing the bank i'm just crackhead uwu sorry it's not my fault! wym i have life in prison??????? i'm just a crackhead	4
how do i break up with a friend? basically i don't feel like they care about me and my mental health and i can't take it anymore. but the thing is idk how to break up with them. any advice? thanks	3
goodnight gamers love u all	3
i swear this shit has me floatin by the end <url>	15
after more than year of hopping around with crutches, i can now start to relearn how to walk again. my mood is great, pain is great, and still i am super excited, but i can slowly start waving goodbyes to those stupid crutches. theyre worn out already,they are getting loud and i was worried that they will collapse on me soon. finally i can start living again. when doc told me this, all i could do is make that silly grin and ask him to repeat that,just to make sure. man oh man, what a great way to end this week! and how was this day for you, my random redditor?	8
the retail life i have a job. to that i am thankful. but retail is retail and will never pay great. that said, i think i'm finally happy. for a long time i thought i needed to get paid well to have arrived. i no longer feel that way. i help people. i'm good at it and i like it. i guess i am rambling. that said, you listened. i hope all of you have a fabulous day.	6
i just spent over an hour daydreaming about someone that doesn't even exist i have problems. filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	19
i'm not like other girls i have a penis	0
i'm crying pls help me so uh i had two dogs and um well last year we had to put one down. the other one, magnum, is still really old and my dad told me this morning that we have to put him down this week. he's my best friend i'm really going to miss him, but every day i see how much pain he's in. i've known him my whole life and i'm really really going to miss him. here's a [picture](<url>) of them (magnum is on the left) when i was reading to them when i was 6 magnum, im sorry. im sorry there isn't a way for me to help you. im sorry that we won't be able to see each other anymore. im sorry i can't take you on your favourite hikes. im sorry you're in pain. im sorry i can't walk you to dairy queen and get you a bowl of ice cream. im sorry i can't laugh anymore when you splash water all over me. im sorry that we can't play together. im sorry you will never see devin again. you have done so much for me but im asking for one more favour. please watch over emma forever and make sure she's ok. remember to do all of your favourite things and be happy. im really going to miss you, take care and live on	3
aye i need some help yall this is probably the worst place to ask for advice but fuck it. to keep it short and simple, i fucked up major and racked up too many unexcused absences due to not joining video calls. it's a fuck up on my part due to me either oversleeping, or suffering internet problems and not saying anything to my teachers. my grades are great, i just racked up to many. my state takes this shit seriously and can withhold my credit and graduation for this. and if my mom finds out she's probably gonna kill me. i planned on emailing the school myself from her account and simply coming up with some random reasons to get these excused, is this a good idea or should i just take the l and tell her and let her handle it? i'm honestly keen on doing this myself though. this online school stuff is trash	2
social media is funny. it works very mysteriously firstly hi everyone. i haven't checked in here in a good two months, it's been a while. but my question... so my friend retweeted something from me pointing out what looks like an epic fail by me. proceeds to get a lot of likes and retweets and through that i'm getting a lot of exposure - yes through a joke. i just find this situation really hilarious because there is a very good reason why it looks bad when it isn't. due to the nature of social media and individual people i don't know amazing me why, there's no point in tryna explain myself which adds to the humour that i'm basically okay with this. it's all in good fun had i been me a year ago i'd lose my mind. i'm just happy how far i've come to not care about it that's a win for me!	8
ex sending mixed signals **me [17m] and my ex [18f] broke up about three weeks ago.** lately she has been really nice and almost flirty in person. like laughing at stuff i da that is not really funny and then reeealy laughing at stuff i say that is. and also like doodling on my paper during class and writing "you suck". (we sit next to each other), pointing out how veiny my arms are . stuff like that. but then not in person she is really cold seeming. like leaving me on read and two or three word answers. not responding to my streaks on snapchat that day "how is everyone doing". it's like she's two different people. **can anyone explain this behavior?** tldr: ex girlfriend is acting different in person vs over text/snap.	17
silent partner m in a relationship. the problem i'm facing is that i was introvet. i dont make friends. i don't have anyone. i dont know how to treat others well. the person whom i love, is perfect. he makes me happy, he does everything to make me smile and feel special. but the problem is from my side. i feel smallest things and get worried. he shares his feelings in detail and i dont share much except saying i love you too. i dont share my daily routine life. i dont know how to share. i wanted to share, but i don't. he is the only person who talks, who shares and i'm listener. he wants conversation. what should i do?? any suggestions?	6
im about to speedrun life just kidding, i'm a completionist	0
40 minutes of my shitposting hour has passed only 20 minutes left	2
guys this is so sad! the guy who played luke from jessie died at 20! look it up	14
you can be made new it breaks my heart to read posts of people contemplating suicide. people in this world are suffering and not finding what they're looking for. we were all created with a desire to love and be loved, as desire to find peace, joy, hope, and intimacy. nothing can change this. but what are you looking for? i was born with these same desires like any other person. but like most people, i was looking in the wrong place. i was a social outcast as far back as i can remember. i faced rejection in school, summer camp, my scout troop, and anywhere i could think of. i didn't understand unconditional love. i didn't understand real friendship. there was something missing in my life, a big hole in my heart; so i turned to many things to fill it: social acceptance, food, academics, religion, pornography, video games, politics, philosophy. no of them ever satisfied me. i saw myself as a good person but i was selfish, manipulative, enraged, deceptive, spiritually dead. i had hatred in my heart towards my parents, my teachers, my classmates, my camp counselors, and my peers. i wore a mask every day. it got to the point two years ago where the mask stopped working. i had this deep dread that wouldn't go away. no matter how many times i talked to my coworkers, how many times i tried to lie to myself, it wouldn't go away. finally i tried to take my life on my last day of work. no one could have predicted it. it sent shock waves to the people who knew me. that night i ended up in the back of a police car saying goodbye to my parents and boss who were in tears. they took me to the mental hospital where i stayed for a week before starting college. i no longer wanted to take my life but i still felt broken. a week into college i met someone named chris. we became friends and he told me about the gospel of jesus christ. i was raised catholic but i became a deist over the summer and later an atheist. i thought it was absurd and made up. little did i know... i took a comparative religion course my first semester and i looked into different religions (mormonism, islam, jehovah's witnesses, buddhism, taoism, judaism, christianity). i debated/argued with people of different faiths, sometimes civilly but sometimes not so civilly. i mocked and argued with preachers who cane to my school. little did i know... i felt superior to other people because i had low self esteem. i was a narcissist because i didn't know unconditional love. my parents loved me but i would get into arguments with them and my younger sister. i never understood love, grace, mercy, or forgiveness. little did i know... little did i know that god, the creator of all things, loved me with limitless, unconditional love. little did i know that he created me and everyone else good but sin came into the world and corrupted us. little did i know that jesus christ died on the cross so not only can we be forgiven of everything we've done, but we can be made new by the power of the holy spirit and be set free from sin. god called me to leave my life of evil, lust, porn, addiction, suicide, greed, pride, and hatred. he called me to turn to him to receive forgiveness and eternal life. it's feels so good to be on the other side! man do i wish you were on the other side! if you finish reading this and leave with something, leave with this: jesus said in matthew 11:28-30 "come to me, all who labor and are heavy laden, and i will give you rest. take my yoke upon you, and learn from me, for i am gentle and lowly in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. for my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." if you are still struggling with depression/suicide, please talk to me. i want to hear you story and help you in whatever way i can. i love you all and i want you to be healed. jesus can heal you of whatever is troubling you. he healed me not because of something that i did, but because of what he did on the cross. he loves and he wants to give you life. jesus christ is alive and he wants to heal you! turn to jesus christ and you will live	6
i just had the best night ever so i sprained my foot a week ago, still hurts like hell this was all last night. anyways there was a carnival going on 5 minutes away walking distance from me. could drive 2 minutes as an alternative as well. it has rides and was going to have fireworks too.i was planning on not going tho bc my foot. however i get a text from my friend who i also have a huge crush on that says "you should come over here, they got snacks and you, me, and a few other friends can hang out. i downed some painkillers and went. we had a good time. later on we went and sat in the grass to watch fireworks and didn't really know where the rest if the group went. they started. then she slowly started to inch closer to me and hugged me. so there we are watching fireworks and cuddling on the grass. then during it, she kissed me on the cheek. i didn't know how to take it, until she did it like 5 times more. i looked at her and the fireworks were not as bright as her eyes in the moment. she put her arms around my neck and we kissed. she told me she liked me and has for a long time. i told her the same. now we are going out but then i woke up	1
i witnessed something adorable and a little bit sad today... i was at my grandmother's place and my cousin was there with her almost 4-year-old daughter. while eating dinner, my grandmother and cousin casually mentioned a relative who had passed away. the little girl heard it and asked who died. her mother told her that it wasn't someone she had known and that he was a very old man so it was "okay". she then asked: "is my dad an old man?" my grandmother (her great-grandmother) replied: "no, your dad is a young man. and i'm only a 'half-old' lady." (she is 82.) when hearing that, the little girl started crying uncontrollable. you could just see in her little face how she realised that her great-grandmother could pass away as well. quickly my cousin said something like, "but look, she is perfectly fine and healthy... and she can even go faster on her bike than you can on yours!" instantly the little girl looked up with a big smile on her face and asked in disbelief, "can she really?!" i don't really know why i felt like sharing the story. just thought that it was really cute to witness. naturally my grandmother adores her only great-grandchild but the little girl is really fond of her as well, so it's really adorable to see them together.	6
its friday!!! to anyone who had a long,bad,tiring,or just uneventful week... guess what?? we survived! its finally friday! hope everyone has a good weekend any interesting? or non interesting plans?	6
i had the biggest crush on this girl when i was a and 8th grader ( and some random shit) for people who wanna read a lot of stuff we became neighbors back in 2014 but my father knew her father from a while ago. she was so beautiful like genuinely extremely beautiful but as you know being a 8th grader means being the cringeist human in history. she was a 7th grader at a the time. we had a big group of friends and it was amazing. i found who i thought was my best friend at the time( he's not my best friend i don't like him anymore). anyway, i didn't even know the meaning of a crush back when i was a 7th grader( i was way too innocent like genuinely). but sadly i had to travel to another city soon and i genuinely felt sad as hell. my best friend at the time who was one year younger than me i guess hit puberty first and he was in the friendzone (i was too, lol) of my crush and her friends and he was asking them to hook him up with some girls( the usual middle school fucking cringe). so he drifted away from me and i didn't like him any more i just couldn't see him the same he became a fucking douchbag. idk why but i never tried to dm a girl or flirt or whatsoever i think i'm weird af lol but i really do like girls. anyway back to my crush. that( at the time) innocent girl was pretty much all i thought about and i didn't care i was in the friendzone i just wanted to be close and atleast a good friend to her. but as you know the middle school cringe she and her friends thought they are cool for linking my friends with girls lol, so she didn't have time for me:/... i leave the city i was in and wow shit happens. she starts i would assume dating someone cuz she commented on insta"i think i love you " and this type of crap. we stopped communicating eventhough i tried as hard as i can to maintain :(. i stopped having a crush when i noticed that i had 0% chance and when i see her old pics on facebook i just remember that old innocent cute girl i used to know who is now grown up. i just finished my juniors year and i feel that a lot has happened in such a short time. puberty changes people it's literally insane from one of my favorite people to a horny douchebag who thinks that if he dms a girl she's his gf.... maybe i'm too harsh on him and just wasn't as outgoing as him :/ maybe i was just too boring for girls to be interested lol. but god damn does puberty change people: from the most innocent to the most slutty :( and i feel that i didn't change a lot but that's probably just me cuz i would notice a change in my self:( i just feel that being religious took away a lot from my teenage experience but it's kinda too late i'm almost 17 i really just wanted to write these stuff off my chest so enjoy or whatever haha	15
i can't handle certain foods like i used to i'm 25 turning 26 in october and finding that i can't handle certain foods like i used to. we had an event after work today. catered by winghouse. i had like 6 wings plus a couple of screwdrivers and ugh my stomach is feeling it. would always joke with my dad about him not being able to handle winghouse/hooters wings but now i am too. what foods can't you handle anymore?	4
i [22f] don't get along with his [23m] friends tl;dr the title of this post. how do i deal? can i? long backstory ahead: my boyfriend, oliver, and i have been seeing each other for a little under a year at this point. we met in college and we have so much fun together basically living together (3 days at my place, 3 at his every week), traveling, eating out and just generally enjoying each other's company. standard relationship fare. we have one major problem which is his friends. i don't get along with some of them. one of them recently just stirred up drama yesterday. we'll call her penelope. oliver is friends with penelope because they went to high school together. i don't think they actually have a lot in common. they hang out very infrequently (twice last year despite not living very far from each other) and when i've asked him why they're friends, all he said was "she's nice and was a cool girl in high school." it doesn't help that they hooked up early on in college as this makes me definitely feel a little territorial around her even though she's engaged. the first time (and so far only time in person) i met her this past december, i admit that i came in on a high horse. she didn't ask me anything about me, so i got a little butthurt and asked her why she was getting married so young. i'm blunt and very to the point, but again, i admit that this had a judgmental jab in it. later, before new years, i tried to extend an olive branch. i had oliver text her letting her know that if she needed ceremony music, i'd be happy to help (i've been playing classical violin my whole life and have done wedding gigs since i was 10). she texted back politely declining and added that she had felt attacked when we had met. he did his best to keep the peace (offering a quasi apology on my behalf while also defending me "sorry you felt attacked, she didn't mean it in a negative way really; she's just blunt"). fast forward to valentine's day, oliver took a zumba class with me. we had actually had a fight over this as he originally didn't want to take the class with me because he felt emasculated and i was hurt by that. we discussed it a lot before he agreed with my pov. i filmed a bit of him dancing in class because i was proud and posted it to my story on instagram. she responded with "i'm dying ". i replied back sharing a bit of my struggle with him because i'm trying to bond with her, and that's what i would've shared with my own friends about my life/relationship. she then became patronizing telling me that i shouldn't be offended that he didn't want to dance because it's just not who he is. i replied explaining that i was more upset because he actually admitted that he was feeling emasculated which for me, is basically sexist and how it does make me wonder if we're compatible in the long run. then she made this long comment about how coming off strong never changes anyone's mind with some more patronizing advice. i was furious now and let her know that how she said what she did was not only patronizing, but also evident that she didn't read what i had written: he and i had calmly discussed the zumba issue! she apologized, i accepted and we wished each other a happy valentine's day. yesterday, 3 weeks after the ig conversation, she texts oliver out of nowhere asking if he knew of our ig conversation. he was with me the whole time it was happening and read my messages to her before i even sent them. oliver told her "yes, i saw" and she asked why he wasn't upset that i had insulted him. again, he did a good job at keeping the peace (i wasn't insulted because her being harsh means she cares, but thanks for having my back, penelope). she goes "ok. i just wanted to give you a heads up because she was ranting and what did she want me to do, agree with her? i figured i would warn you but i guess if you know and you're okay with it... as long as she doesn't flat out try to change you and force her opinions on you." he assured her i don't/won't. i found the whole thing incredibly disrespectful. to both oliver, as in not trusting that he can make his own decisions, and our relationship as a whole. i get that she's maybe coming from an angle of concerned friend, but i don't feel like it's her place at all. i feel like this would be really weird if she were single. she also could've just been like "hey! just checking that you're happy in your relationship" rather than claiming that i had insulted him because i didn't and trying to subtly insinuate that i'm a controlling bitch. i get really mad thinking about the whole thing because i want to confront her and let her know how i feel about this whole thing. i think oliver handled it really well between them, but i want to make all these ridiculous boundaries like "you can't hang out with her 1 on 1." besides therapy, how else do i get over wanting to make oliver choose between me and penelope? how do i process feeling like she's trying to undermine me and my relationship? i think i feel really torn because a part of me feels obligated to be her friend as he claims she's a big part of his life, ie. if oliver and i were to get married, he would invite her to the wedding. i get that a part of me feeling threatened is probably because i don't feel the most secure in my relationship, and another part is because i feel like it says oliver and i don't have compatible values if he's friends with people i don't get along with. it's really tearing me apart right now and by extension, my relationship with oliver. i will gladly take reminders to sit down and be humble, and even more gladly take vindication comments that she overstepped. regardless, i'm sure there's plenty of context that i'm leaving out that i'd be happy to supply in comments or in a pm. thanks for taking the time to delve into my petty personal drama today. repost because i forgot the semi colon in the tl;dr	1
so i did some research and... im a bastard child so like im a bastard apparently, thats pretty cool	0
my (f29) boyfriend (30) acts like he dosen like me. he says he loves me though. men, thoughts? tl;dr my boyfriend says he loves me so so much but doesnt treat me like he should if he really loves me i think. about us: 2008- met in high school. hooked up for 6 months before i moved to another city. 2011- slept with eachother again. summer vacation from college. 2017- february. started conversations on facebook. april 2017- slept with eachother again. but this time he had gotten himself a girlfriend (f29). he said she doesnt treat him well, and that they argue often. anyway, i was a bitch and slept with. they broke up december 2017. in 2018 we ended up like fwb. he found another girl in april i think. so he had two fwbs. i said go for it, get over your ex-girlfriend, you need this. he dumped her in june 2018. he didnt have other girls than us two and always said he wants to be poly. but from july 1018 i think we have seen eachother every day. i asked him "what happened with the poly-thing? he said he was unhappy earlier, and that now he only wants me. in september, we traveled to spain for 1 week and moved in with eachother a week later. he wanted me to meet his family. now, he says he loves me every day. and "marry me"- when he is super happy. he has introduced me to all his friends. he hugs me snd touch me. and he talks to me about our future. also: on his phone when he doesnt do the things above. always on his phone working or playing chess or chatting with his friends (from all over this kontinent" but!! why does he treat me like this: his ego. he wants to make himself happy more than he wants me to be happy. he never listen to me when i want to choose movies or tv-series. doesnt want to listen when i talk about how my day at work was because i work with so heavy and depressing stuff (refugees). if he could choose between eating risotto with sticks or fork, he would chose sticks because of the minimal effort. this is something he swears by, minimal effort, and he is "proud of it". i told him this and he knows it. and also, he has a weird humour. like, he manipulates or ignore or tease. his friends laugh when hes "funny" but i've said his humour sometimes hurt me. why does he act like this and also says he loves me so so much?! thanks	3
do you ever just look at your former best friends' social media page and think wow, i miss you so much and i hope that our friendship meant something to you	6
how i [15f] can get out of a manipulative friendship with someone [15f] i've been friends with this person for 5-6 years now. she used to be a compulsive liar, telling me false stories for no reason that were rather serious. she doesn't do that anymore but she still tends to bend the truth. recently she told me that when we were younger i was always super mean to her when we had sleepovers and that my sister and mom constantly had to yell at me for being mean and that i'd always make her cry. i don't remember this at all and after asking my sister if it's true, i found that she was either lying entirely or being extremely dramatic. she does victimize herself a large amount in any situation in which she is in the wrong. she is very manipulative, more towards her ex when she was dating him than me, threatening to break up with him if he didn't do things she wanted him to and texting things like "don't you love me? " to him to get her way. recently i wanted to go to a christmas barn party ( we are both equestrians) right around the time my horse i had just bought was ready to be picked up. my mom wanted to go on the saturday when the party was instead of the sunday, so she asked my friend what she wanted to do. my friend said she wanted to pick up the horse. i was upset since that was the second year in a row i missed the party, but i was happy to go get the horse. later that night, she complained to me multiple times, saying things like " i won't get to spend time with my horse because we are picking up your horse, but whatever." as if she did not choose what we were going to be doing, as if i am the one who made that decision. she does lots of things like this that drive me insane and i am getting to the point where i need to drop this friendship. the problem with breaking off this friendship is that she says i am like a sister to her and we have been friends for years. also, she keeps her horse on my property and unless she is able to move her mare, i will have to see her every weekend. ( we go to different schools because i moved a few years ago) i also don't want to hurt her feelings too much. tl;dr: manipulative friend is too much for me to deal with, how do i get rid of the friendship even though we have been friends for 5-6 years, still having to see her every weekend, without hurting her feelings too much?	2
i laughed more than i should have at this yesterday with my dad [streamable](<url>)	1
my boyfriends 18th birthday presents. hi everyone. my boyfriends birthday is in a few weeks. as of current i have bought him a leather phone case with his name engraved and limited edition hungry jacks cups he has missed out on. my plan was then to also get a self care basket with a couple colognes and a face wash and mens bath bombs because he has baths a lot. i am overthinking a lot and worrying he might not like them which will suck. i found this smart watch which i thought might be good for work as he dosent have one but it still looks classy but not too classy. should i get him the watch? i also had the idea to get him a lego set (the stormtrooper one) as he always jokes about me getting him lego and it's a display one so he would probably actually like it. i already know what he is getting me for my birthday which is a necklace to replace one i currently wear all the time. ahhhhhh teenage boys please help me if someone is willing to help me over pm over the next few days while i decide what to get him, that would be great!! tl;dr struggling to figure out what to get my bf for his 18th and am begginning to worry he won't like what i've gotten him.	1
bf (27) says he he loves me [f21] but isn't sure we should be together and i feel so lost tl;dr is the title really, we've been together 1.5 years and just had an amazing holiday to italy, but he's become a stranger since we came back. we've been together 1.5 years after being friends for a year before that, and we've had our ups and downs but most of the time we've been great together. we've had a very busy month in june, i had some assessments and then finished my first year of uni, it was my 21st birthday so we spent a lot of time with my family and friends, and then immediately following that we went to italy for 10 days and had the most amazing holiday. he's very introverted and needs alone time a lot, which i sometimes struggle to give him because of my anxiety, but i honestly do my best, so i understand that this month has been very socially heavy and i really appreciate the effort he put in. he's also really struggling at work because he hates his job so much, but he's leaving on the 20th so the end is almost there. he's leaving to go to uni/ do an access course and then uni, so it's obviously a stressful period for him, which i've been doing my best to support him through, like helping with his application and personal statement and stuff to go with it, and was planning to go with him to an open day this saturday etc. i'm already at uni in london and the ones he's been accepted to are in london too, so we were planning to move in together in september. we've discussed it a lot and said that if we were both working full time we'd be wanting to take this step anyway, so it's not just a uni convenience thing. the problem is, since we came back from italy last week, its like he's become a stranger to me. he's been so cold and unloving, barely kissing me hello or saying he loves me at night or anything like he usually does. naturally, this has upset me after our holiday where i felt we were better than ever, really close and affectionate. so yesterday, we were supposed to go to the gym and then go out to a pub quiz with our group of friends, and in the car he's acting the same as he has been the last week, disinterested and cold and he says he doesn't want to see me at all the next day (today) on his day off. i'm not proud of it, but i basically just broke down crying because i felt like i couldn't take it anymore. i know he's not had a lot of alone time but after several days of trying to get his attention for a kiss or a little cuddle, just anything at this point, i feel so rejected and unloved and i'm really struggling to match this up with the man i was on holiday with a week ago who was the complete opposite. we ended up having a big argument in the car, where he was saying some quite horrible, insulting things to me because of all this pent up anger from the last week he's been holding in. it ended with us both really upset when he left. he later texted me apologising for the things he said and saying he loved me and goodnight, so i was hopeful going into today that things would be better. we decided to go the gym today since we ended up missing it yesterday, but not to hang out too much so that we could both think about the situation. he picked me up from work and we drove to and from the gym in silence, my anxiety was sky high the entire time - when we arrived i got on the treadmill and just walking it immediately said my heart rate was 135bpm. we did our workout and it was ok, he was helping me a little but not as much as usual, and he gave me a brief peck on our way out. we drove home again in silence, and as we arrived at my house, i asked if he could give me an idea of where his head was at, without getting too deep into it cause i knew he didn't want to have a big talk right then. and... he said he loves me but he isn't sure if he wants to be with me because he's not sure our personalities are compatible because i like to spend more time together than he does, and he's worried about living together next year. he said he needs to figure out a lot of things, but he agreed with me that they're the kind of decisions we need to face together, not against each other. we talked for maybe 10 minutes and i could see was starting to become frustrated again, so we said we would talk tomorrow evening, but he was becoming snappy and kind of rude about it, and he said he loved me when he said goodbye but wouldn't look up, and he did a massive sigh when he kissed me. i thought a lot more when i came home and wrote some of the issues i think we have and ways we can work on them down, to help me get my head straight and to help me say what i want to say when we talk tomorrow. after thinking about it, i thought i maybe pushed too hard in the car so i sent him a text apologising for pushing it, but that i just wanted to try and understand because i feel so confused and lost right now. i acknowledged that he's upset and just asked him to remember that i love him as well, and as of right now (nearly 2 hours after the text) he's read it but hasn't answered. congrats if you made it this far, i don't really have a question but i feel very hurt and lost so advice would be appreciated	3
any good songs about moving away? or even just new beginnings in general, mostly looking for tunes that are happy/excited. i'm moving across the country next year and i'm super excited, i always love to make a playlist for big things in my life. if you don't have one about moving away, i'll even just take your favorite song right now. that's my favorite question to ask people! i love all different kinds of music, all lol	6
i has a new friend so i sit next to this boy i vaguely knew in my class, and he offered me to play online chess with him. the thing is, i didn't know how. however, he showed me how to play and guided me through a game of chess against the computer (i won ) and then we had a chess match against each other (he won). so now i know how to play chess and i think i have a new friend :d i just wanted to share because i'm very happy about this.	0
i (22f) don't feel like my boyfriend (26m) is attracted to me. is it in my head? here's the backstory: i come from an emotionally abusive home and have had one past relationship with an abusive ex. i am very insecure and always have been. however, i met this guy about 4 months ago and it's the first time i've felt genuinely comfortable with a guy, including casual flings, etc. we started off very casual but ended up growing feelings for each other and establishing a serious and exclusive relationship. things have been tricky because of my past, issues in my current life as well as his etc, but we support and help each other through it. he's the first guy i've had feelings for who hasn't belittled me, etc. honestly, i thought our sex life was great. we had sex once or twice every time we saw each other, i gave him head all the time which he loves. i know he is a tad bit shy, plus i am his first relationship since he was in high school so i know he's learning how to be expressive in a relationship. i know this because i asked him on his birthday when we were getting at it "it's your birthday, what do you want?" and he looked a little embarrassed and just said "you haha" and it took him a few moments before he asked if he could cum in my mouth and i was like, of course. then over text he brought it up saying he liked it- he would often only discuss things he liked the night before over text and in kind of a shy manner. i thought it was sweet and knew he was getting closer to opening up so i was giving him time and letting him know that i want to know what he likes so i can make him happy. it took him months to admit he had always wanted to eat me out and finally do it. so there's that. so in my feelings of comfort, i playfully brought up the idea of a threesome with another girl. it's a fantasy of mine. he was all for it but said "i don't wanna mess things up with us...are you sure?" i told him yes, but it's just an idea for now, and we could actively pursue it in a few months maybe. he agreed. we don't sext too often, because we see each other quite a lot, but i was out of town and we began sexting and it was really hot, then we starting discussing the threesome and he went into detail about what he wanted. it surprised me but again, it was hot and i was into it. however....in the past few weeks things seem different to me. he also went on a trip, and each night i wanted a video of him cumming (i love it) but for him to get there he'd bring up the threesome and one of the girls i had specifically showed him from tinder (different girls on different days, i generally show him all my matches to get his opinion). he also said that for the girl he preferred blondes with blue eyes (like me). as for the body he said a big ass that's not huge, and big boobs over tiny ones. well....for my size, i have an ass. i definitely had an ass when i was ten pounds heavier but he met me after i lost weight (i'm really tiny) due to my anxiety and some health problems. and for my size, i'm not flat by any means. i'm a 30c, which is like a 34a, but on a smaller frame. i would categorize my breasts as tiny. and i wouldn't call my ass big. so basically, he prefers my opposite. i did bring that up, saying i didn't want to attack him for his preference but i was now curious if he really did like my body seeing as i'm so petite. he said he did. but sometimes he doesn't cum when we have sex. like last night. and then he went soft. i know he was tired and sweaty, but he lost interest. sometimes he gets tired and i finish him off. i'll send him texts telling him how hot he is, how much i want him and he kind of responds okay and sometimes not at all. i cleaned his house for him and he texted a thank you and i said "anything for you" to which he said "anything??? " i said yes with more sexual emojis, and he said "watch the game with me?" that felt great. i just said sure. he said he only said that to surprise me. i said i wasn't surprised. i sent him a meme about being in a relationship with someone who is too hot for you and said "how i feel about you" and he just said lol, is that why you can't sleep? (the meme was people laying in bed awake at night) also felt great. now, i'm not feeling comfortable enough for the threesome although it's still a huge fantasy of mine. he doesn't bring it up much honestly, but he did ask if i was still gonna hang out with this tinder girl (i said i wanted to chill with them first and get to know them) i said maybe, and he went on about exactly how he wants to fuck us both and want he wants to do to us. still, it's hot, so i was into it and all but tried steering the conversation more towards just us, saying "oh by the way when i give you head next i want to try this..." he said it was a good idea but kept on with the threesome thing. he said he anticipates cumming like 3 times, but last night....he didn't cum once. he had said it was super hot upstairs last night (temperature wise) and he was sweating so i said "haha maybe if we keep the ac on you can go for that long!" and he said "if i get frequent head i can definitely go that long. " i'm still over here like: you didn't. cum. once. last. night. is it me, physically? is it him? or am i just over thinking? cause i feel like he just wants to fuck other people and can't even be that excited for me... tl;dr: summaries are hard	17
can you guys comment "you kinda hot ngl " to the post above? mods don't hurt me please this is temporary.	5
just went to eb games to buy a rated m game so that they would say i'm not 17 when i am later virgins	0
i am exactly 100 words over my word limit i'm so done with this rn ___________________	4
sometimes i think it would be a great contribution to the world if i was just dead welcome to my mind	0
finna test if the "fake it til you make it" method works gonna start pretending i don't care til i actually don't care	8
i was typing "i am happy" on youtube to look for a happy kind of song. literally as i was typing it, the song on the radio sings, "i am happy" word for word. it was weird, i almost felt like i was in a dream. i guess i really am happy today. i hope you are having a happy day too.	6
girls have it easy my dude and here's why. we can't suck our dick without breaking our ribs, but they can get some fat and be able to suck on their boobs. is not fair man	2
how to deal with a messy breakup hi guys, i had been with my (27f) ex (30m) for around 3 years and we recently split up as he felt i didn't trust him as i would ask him for reassurance about things and he took it as trust issues. the arguments would snowball and get really heated and would turn violent. although i know the relationship was no good, i'm struggling to deal with the breakup as it was so messy and i still love him. we were both quite nasty to eachother and he won't even speak to me now. i guess i'm just looking for some tips on how i get over this and move on as right now i feel at rock bottom. i miss the good parts, he was a good guy - we just didn't work together no matter much i wanted it to tl;dr - i need tips on how to deal with a breakup that got really nasty even though i still love the guy.	14
i feel like going skating shirtless and blasting gecs to show i'm the main character today my boy's got his own ringtone, it's the only one i know	0
i entered my first ever competitive video game tournament & now am in the final playing for $5000! so a few weeks ago i posted about entering a "british isles pubg duo's tournament" with my younger brother. we entered just for fun, we are by no means professional at the game. now 3 weeks later we've managed to pretty much hold on long enough to on average place middle of the road & get ourselves into the final next sunday to play for the chance to win part of a $5000 prize pool! (not that we expect to actually win any, the quality of player has been amazing, we've been playing up against some "professional teams" such as "tsm", "alliance" etc) just to say i'm pretty proud of our progress & success in our first ever competitive gaming tournament, we've had a bunch of fun in the process & i can now call myself a pubg duo's tournament finalist (straight on my cv )	1
people ask my how i wipe my ass i don't	17
i just started watching a tv show and the main characters love interest looks just like my ex gf this is fucking my mind so much. at least the woman is much nicer than my ex.	8
ayy i'm bored and i can't sleep again anyone dm? (14f if it rlly matters) and for the pedos i will block ur ass	3
i sexually identify as trash i'm worthless	0
you ever see a boy and be like... damn he has a pretty cute body	5
not to brag but i am the shortest person in my friend group	0
hey, i just wanted to let you know that if any of you are going through something right now i just want you to know it doesn't have to be this way. the specific way you feel is just for right now, you won't have to feel like this in this specific way for the rest of your life. i can't guarantee that it will get better. i won't tell you to change your mindset and everything will magically be okay because it won't. i can tell you with certainty if you give up now it will get so much worse. how ever your day, week,month,or even year is going just remember that you've made it through one bad day and you can make it through them all. so please, even if it doesn't seem worth it keep going, i know you can pull through, i believe in you.	3
so let me get this straight when a cop kills an innocent person who did not threaten them, it's "just one bad apple" but when one person gets needlessly offended at something, suddenly they're representative of everyone fighting for social/economic change.	10
boys be glowing up from a 3/10 to 9/10 then there's me who went from a 2/10 to 1/10 filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	7
one small act what's one small thing you did, said or saw that has had a massive knock on impact in your life? looking for everything from hard decisions that paid off to lucky breaks.	1
my dad is 91 today! as of today, father is 91 years old, and we're having a party with all his children, grandchildren, and great grand children. i love him so much, and i'm so glad he was able to make it this far. happy birthday dad	6
after a month's research and deliberation, i finally bought all the furniture for my new apartment i moved into my new place a month back. being a stingy shopper i had planned to buy everything used or second hand from a local classifieds website. but it all turned out into a painful experience stretching over a month. number one: me, overthinking. number two: the sellers reply too slow. sometimes they won't reply at all. they may live far away from my place, and it's always a headache bargaining prices with them. in some cases i saw sellers put year-two years old item at the same price as new! why would i buy it from you if i can buy new in the same price? and then there comes tiny things you need in your apartment: cutlery, bathroom essentials and what not! for that i made multiple trips to various malls, hypermarkets, wholesale markets, whatever people suggested me. but everytime i would go, not only it would tire me out, but i would buy lots of random shit that was like 2 bucks or 5 bucks but not the real stuff which i actually needed, and which i actually went to buy. because they tend to have a higher price tag, and me being the stingy shopper, would not buy those but other random shit, which would eventually add up to a long bill. this constant overthinking over furnishing the apartment and at the same time saving a few bucks made me a maniac over the month. my apartment is all messed, filled with shopping bags of random shit. i was not eating or sleeping well. i had no time and motivation to clean up because i still didn't have the furniture. i figured that while i'm stressing about saving 50 bucks by looking at hand me down websites, on the dresser that i really needed, i had actually already spent that money on takeouts (because i was not cooking/doing grocery due to all this drama) and random shit as i already mentioned. so i just got so sick of it today, that i just turned on my laptop, went to ikea website and bought all the essential furniture items in my shopping cart that i've been deliberating over for a month. after that i went to a local amazon site, and just bought all the tiny/kitchen stuff that i absolutely needed. and added everything else to the wish list, until i really need it. i feel light. i know tomorrow i don't have to go to another interior store or hypermarket trying to find the best thing for my tiny apartment. all in all it costed me $500-600 to furnish the apartment, and depending on which economy you're a part of, you may say it was expensive or i made a good deal. but living in a city, where everything is usually expensive, i'd say i made a pretty good deal. also considering i'm all by myself as i just moved to a new city. it's worth mentioning here, that i'm an expat living in an expat hub city, where the rate of people moving out of the country is too high. even i'm not certain how long will i be staying here, may be just this year, may be the next year. so i did have a little buyer's remorse peeping out from the corner of my heart telling me tomorrow if i have to go back home, i might have to leave everything here the way it is, or may be go on to the other side of craigslist and be the seller selling my stuff at half the cost? but then i tell myself, no matter what happens in the longer run, at least i'm certain about the near future. and in the near future i see my self, comfortably and peacefully living and growing myself in my tiny apartment.	6
my upload speed is like 8mbps and i still have 30 ping	0
always on gang	0
is it bad that i'm the way i am? ... i don't want to post the reason on here but, recently i've been distant with my so, and i've been unhappy.. can some one message me... please..	14
its this guys bday tdy but nobody cares. people who only wished me were my parents. also i can't celebrate my birthday cause my uncle died this monday. i am so sad. it's not happy birthday for me but _depressed birthday_	4
my perfect day/vacation because fuck life i'm pretty stressed right now and i feel like the world is spinning 20x faster soo yeahhh.. i'm just going to type what my perfect day/vacation would be like i've always had a touch life i guess? so bear with me if this seems like "normal" day to day things to you okay so i think the perfect day would be a little like this.. itd start off by me driving away from my house towards the airport, blasting my music in my car while having the ac all the way. maybe speeding by 10 miles nod just enjoying the ride or perhaps going 5 below the limit and thinking about random stuff. anyway, then i'd fly to europe. i'm not sure if spain or england.. i'd probably start in england. rent a high rise condo for a month. go out get drunk, party so hard that i get kicked out of the country (jk) but yeah lmao meet new people. etc. do you guys have malls? i'd prob go on a shopping spree.. maybe do little weed? maybe i'd stay there indefinitely? ehh i don't even know what i want.	10
oh well! i did the reddit gift exchange, i was so happy to do it! i got a person and sent them a gift and they loved it! however the person who got me just looked at my info and hasn't done anything yet. i mean i dont mind not getting a gift, but it wouldve been a cool first experience haha the exchange ends on the 19th of this month, i doubt i'll get anything, but it's fine	6
thank you redditors with all my heart! i[25f] ended a relationship with abusive ex [35m]. how to heal from codependency? i have been reading this sub for a few month now. the main reason for this post is to thank you, dear redditors, for answers i didn't get for the posts i didn't publish. i wrote 3 of them in last 3 months, and never dicided to publish a single one. each time, after putting my mess of thoughts into words it was actually sa clear what your answers would be like. run. run as fast as you can. yet i was still wondering for some time. in fact, a month after a break up i still sometimes wonder. and sometimes i miss him. my abusive ex. i don't really want to talk much about the evil things he did. he would call me names, manipulate me, gaslight me, make scenes of jealousy, mistreat me, criticize me for anything, sometimes something he would make up, to a point when i was questioning my own sanity and memory. i spend enough time thinking over and over about that. now i do my best to put my life together, find a job, finish university and heal myself. i feel such a relief. i am sure i did the right thing and that i can only be happy now. yet healing from codependency isn't that easy. strange and wonderful thing is happening during that month. it might not be a long enough period to decide, but i haven't felt so good for so long. i have been struggling with depression for about 10 years. and i don't really remember feeling so calm and happy during that time. and so powerful. maybe the fact that i was strong enough to get out made me so confident and calm. what i want to ask you might not be directly connected to a relationships, but it is in some ways. what should i do to maintain this state? what should i do to never ever get into a relationship with an abuser again (and it was a 2nd time in my life that happened)? what should i do to love myself more, value myself more? how to change my self image? what books to read? what quotes to put on a mirror? what movies to watch? should i see a therapist? what general advice can you give? maybe what is your story of healing from something similar? it helped me a lot reading your answers to other posts that were similar to my case. it gave me perspective and, more importantly, a feeling that i am not alone. that my problems are not unique and there are people that could make it, so why wouldnt i. and if i could, so can you :) thanks in advance for any bit of help on my new way. love tl;dr: looking for tips in healing codependency and how to not end up with an abuser again. also, thank you reddit for the help in the process so far!	3
gotta love waking up and your whole body is in pain! in all seriousness, i'd love for this pain to stop. i can't really walk and my stomach feels horrible	12
i just found out that my crazy former fwb who i blocked is now pregnant and getting married by some deadbeat dude. lmao now ain't that some tumblr shit. all this time. i hoped that she finally got what she deserved. now she's going to live a long miserable life. and now i don't have to worry about her leaking the pics she took of us! hell, she might have saved them and who knows, her new man might find them become skeptical and divorce her ass	1
been jerked around by guy[m18] i'm [f19] talking to? last month i started talking to this guy on okcupid. he's was really sweet and we shared a lot of the same interests. since then we've talked non-stop all day every day. every morning i wake up to a good morning message from him and he's the last person i talk to before bed. about 10 days in i asked if he was interested in meeting, and he said he would be eventually but not just yet. i said that was fine, and that i wouldn't mind waiting. after that, we continued talking all the time. he says he thinks i'm perfect and is just generally really flirty. sometime last week i asked why he wouldn't meet, and he said he'd like to. so we said we'd get coffee on saturday. we don't live really far from each other, but we'd still have to travel a while to meet somewhere in the middle. so come saturday morning, we were texting again, and he was saying how he was feeling really lazy and couldn't be asked to do anything. i asked if this was his way of cancelling and he just said: "yes and no ". the topic kind of changed after that, and as he didn't say he was actually cancelling i thought we were still gonna meet. so an hour until we're gonna meet, i'm about to leave the house, and he asks if i'm mad at him. when i asked why he said because i'm being lazy?. i asked him to clarify if we were still gonna meet, and he said no. when i asked if he was cancelling because he was actually too lazy to get out of bed he said no, and that he just looked really shit today and assumed i wouldn't want to meet him because of that. bare in mind we had been talking since 8 am and it was now 12, so he actually waited for one hour before we were gonna meet to cancel on me. when i asked when i had given the impression that i was so shallow, he said he didn't think i was and just started saying he was sorry for letting me down. what pissed me off the most was when i asked what now, he said he was just assuming i would block him and when i asked him for what he wanted he just said he didn't know. eventually, it was established that we both liked each other and i asked if he still wanted to meet. i asked when and he completely just ignored that question when he replied. i asked again and we agreed on next saturday. he tried to be funny after that, change the topic, and i just ignored it, and a couple of hours later he said sorry again. honestly, i feel jerked around and played.. i really like this guy and i don't want one stupid thing to ruin it, but i'm not sure if i should actually give him another chance. mainly because i don't think this means as much to him as it does to me, but i'm not sure. tl;dr: guy i've been talking to for a month cancelled on me one hour before we were gonna meet because he "looked like shit", doesn't seem to be bothered much and just keeps saying "i'm sorry" instead of replying to questions. should i give him another chance?	1
guys, a gal just sent me nudes. i can't believe it. they were naked hobo nudes but she send some! later virgins	0
in two days is my second cake day. witch means i had this accout since i was 10 or 11 .	5
my acne scars kill my vibe they're pretty bad and treatment is kinda expensive cause you need a bunch of sessions, but i can't really do anything until i clear my skin. 3 yrs in with cystic acne and i'm still trying to figure that out sometimes i feel like the only person with craters on their face. i feel like nobody would wanna touch my cheeks n that it makes me less feminine. sucks. i lost most of the baby fat in my face in the past couple of months so they're super noticeable now. supposed to take senior pics next week	2
i like zendaya. she is so cute and i think i would love to read a book sitting beside her. that'd be joyful i think	13
i will answer any question any question at all. i will definitely regret doing this	0
where can i get resin for cheap i want to know. plz i want resin. i resin want	3
stop putting filler and start putting half your text in the text box	15
i (22m) have a gf (also 22), but might have a crush on another girl (20) my gf and i are together for almost 3 and a half years, but most of it was a longdistance relationship. we managed to maintain our relationship even tho we live and study in different towns. but at what cost... i feel like we parted ways, we developped too far from eachother and now i feel like we're not so close anymore. when we finally meet, its almost like a routine... but, we might finally get an appartment together this summer-automn, so maybe there is a chance to save our couple. on the other hand, due there is this girl who has a lot in common with me, who i really like but try not to think too much about for fear of falling in love. we've just spent a weekend with our theatre troop and had really great conversations and now i cant help but think about her right now... so now im conflicted between trying to patch things up with my gf, or letting go and try with this other girl... am i a dick? am i just in need of sex? what should i do..? tl;dr keeping my gf or go for that other girl?	2
i [27/m] almost died this weekend, and i'm not sure i'm okay. hey all, never posted here before, but thought this might be the place for what i'm feeling. sorry if it gets a little long. so this weekend, i took a friend [25/m] up to my cottage in northern ontario. my whole family was there, and it was supposed to be a fun, family labour day weekend. my friend told me on our way up that if he gets in the water, to keep an eye on him as he's not a particularly strong swimmer. fast-forward to sunday afternoon: it's sunny and sweltering, and i hop off the end of the dock into the water. as i climb out, my friend asks me how the water is, and i respond by telling him it's chilly, but refreshing. he then told us to keep an eye on him because he wanted to go in, and proceeded to backflip off the end of the dock. this is where things went sideways. after surfacing, it was clear that he was struggling, and my first instinct was to jump in to help him. i will note that i do have some prior certifications and training with rescue in the water (nothing extensive, mind you), but in that moment, none of my training came to me. i tried to get him up, and he used me to perch himself above the water, but that only pushed me down below the surface. at this point, i was starting to panic; i was being hauled under in a nightmare you think you'll never experience. with my final efforts of energy, all i could do was pry my friends hands off of my body and get back to the dock. it was a terrible, helpless feeling leaving him behind, but at that point i really felt like it was either both of us or one of us going down. in all the turmoil, my 13 year old brother jumped in, stayed away, and pushed a life jacket towards the situation (the correct way to do things, if anyone was wondering). my sister's boyfriend jumped in to help get my friend off of me. finally, my step-dad made it to the end of the dock, not even knowing why my mom was screaming for him. he leapt over me as i was still hanging off the dock, and he told me all he saw was me, and bubbles where my friend should've been. he didn't even know who he was going to. he grabbed my friend and pulled him up, and immediately told him to stop thrashing and to give him his back. my friend was able to comply, and my step-dad got him back to the dock. i vomited water probably 4-5 times shortly after while lying on the beach, gasping for breath with every inch of my body on fire. vomited again while waiting for the x-rays on our lungs to come back. and once more when my step-dad came to get us from the hospital. everything looked okay at the hospital, thankfully. we got home, and i passed out, feeling shitty and miserable. i'm still having on and off back pain, my stomach is a mess, and i definitely have some ptsd to sort through. i feel guilty for not suggesting he go in the shallow end and start there. i feel horrified that my 13 year old brother could've been hurt or killed, and that he had to be involved at all. i'm livid at my friend, not for almost drowning, but for putting mine and my family's lives in danger because of his irresponsibility. i don't know if he's just embarrassed and trying to play it off as cool, but every time it comes up, it seems like he just doesn't understand or won't accept how serious the situation was. all in all, i'm just happy that everyone survived. it's a lot to process and deal with, and while i'm sure i will be in a short while, i don't think i'm fully okay right now. the situation plays through my head constantly, and i can so vividly feel being under the water, desperately needing air. if anything, please take this as a precautionary tale, because this happened so fast, and it can happen that fast to anyone, anywhere. i'm at work, so apologies for any delays in responding to any comments. for those that made it to the end (end even those that didn't), thanks for taking the time to read/listen.	3
bro, why did my friend ask everyone to hang out, but not me. what did i do? im literally cryin rn	4
doesn't the age of social media make you feel so alone? like, you talk to people in work, you talk to people in the shops, in the street, in passing. then there is social media. all hundreds, even thousands of people who you know or you met. and of those seeming endless counts of people you might regularly talk to 10,20,30. and of those how many people do you actually hold a conversation with in real life. a conversation that isn't about work, or in work or because of work. how many people now do we talk to because we are there and they are there. moral of the story, social media is a blessing and a curse. who in the world has 1000+ friends	1
i wanna go thrifting aaaaaaaa nsjxksjf why cant this rona be over rrrrrrghh or why couldnt i be one of those girls with parents that are st00pid and let me go out during a pandemic last part was a joke but fr i wanna go	16
i think the mods are on to me... my toe spam got removed. i think they finnally discoverd me i'm sorry yhall. i'm sure to your *great disappointment* there shall be no more toes	14
hey if anyone wants relationship advice it seems i'm ok at that so uhhhhh lemme know what you need help with and i'll try my best. yea go ahead. i'm not doing much else and i like helping people	12
rip cameron boyce you were my favorite actor growing up as a kid and we'll all miss you so much. i hope you're in a better place now. rest in peace	3
working 40hr i can't wait to start working i'm 15 in a trade school doing electrical i get along with people really well im not an ass kisser but i have no problems with anyone i'm wondering how working 40hr is going to be like that's a lot i'm used to working but i wanted to ask people how you felt working you're first time for 40hr pretty sure i'll get used to it (if everyone else can do it that will drive me)	9
attemping some diy this actually happened couple of days ago and my parents still mad at me. here's some context, i've recently had a job(in the engineering sector which makes it even more embarrassing) but i live with my parent( i'm 18) and decided to redecorate my room using my first paycheck. the room as a horrible green carpet and walls before but i just didn't have the money and didn't care enough to change it. so i repainted the walls and ordered new a new carpet which was supposed to arrive tomorrow. so my job was to throw away the old carpet and clean ready for the carpet fitters, did this- no drama. but then i noticed that some of my floorboards were squeaky and loose so being the perfectionist i am i decided to try and fix them myself and proceeded to get a hammer and some nails from my dads toolkit. first four nails were hammered in and everything seemed good and secure, job well done i thought to myself. but i had one more nail and decided to hammer it in just to be sure. the fifth and final nail went staight into a pipe underneath the floorboards and water began to dribble out aroud the nail. i ran down the stairs, searching frantically for some gaffa tape or something to stop the flow. as i pulled up the floorboard to try and get access to the leak i dislodged the nail from the pipe, water burst everywhere. i fell back in shock. there was a loud thud and all the light went out. (bear in mind it was now 10:30 at night) it was at this moment i realised... i fucked up big time. for the next half hour i had to hold the pipe shut with my finger waiting for the emergency plumber to arrive. worst of all there was no escape from my angry parents, i was called many things that day... which i won't repeat. they turned the water off and kept the taps running but the water just kept coming. by the time the plumbr arived i must have been in a right state, drenched from the high pressure spray, red faced and shaking from the onslaught of insults. as my room is on the second floor the water had filterd through and water was dripping down from the roof. the plumber said we might have to have the roof re-done im now facing a hefty bill and endless jokes from my colleagues tl;dr tried to fix floorboards, burst a waterpipe and flooded my room and the roof below.	12
let's appreciate the b o y s as a girl, the boys here r either the most softest boyz ever or they're creeps. there's no in between. but to the softies , thank u	0
i missed another chance with a girl i was in the coffee bean waiting for my drink and i caught this really cute girl staring at me and when she realized i caught her she just smiled. i should've gone up to her and asked for her number but for some reason i didn't. i don't live in this town and am just on vacation so i'll never see her again. shit like this always happens and i let my anxiety and overthinking stop me from doing anything. this is why i'll never have a gf	14
if you can still get covid after getting the vaccine then what is point of getting the vaccine if you still have to wear masks and socially distance then that means the vaccines don't work	10
this is the first time in my life owning more than one pair of usable shoes. my family hasn't been the best off for most of my life, so as the youngest in my family i would always either get hand-me-down shoes or the cheapest available option from payless. none of these options ever lasted very long, so most would be in the garbage within a few months. i never really minded not having the luxury of nice shoes, and it's something that's stuck to me to this day. well, this week was my 21st birthday, and i've been doing the same old shoe thing for the past few years as i buy my own shoes. mostly i buy work boots, so that hopefully they last longer, and also so that i'm able to abuse them since i work a decently strenuous job. my most recent pair of old boots have had massive holes in the bottoms and sides for several months at this point, but i never got around to replacing them during the winter. so for my birthday i went out and got me a new pair of working boots. no sooner had i gotten home and thrown out my old pair of nasties, when my mom surprised me at my house with a new pair of normal, out-on-the-town shoes. i was genuinely touched, and very thankful at the time of course, but it didn't occur to me until now that this is the first time i've ever had multiple pairs of shoes for different purposes! now i have one pair for work, and another for wearing around as casual footwear! now i can even more appreciate those shoes my mom got me, and be even more thankful that i have such a wonderful family. i'm looking forward to using my nice new shoes. it'll be nice not clunking around in steel toes during my leisure time.	8
if you need a friend, i'm here! [deleted]	3
toilet paper boats... am i the only one who makes origami boats of toilet paper while there? i just need to share my sadness because they sink in less than a second t^t *	4
friendly information: what are antitrust laws and anti-competition practices in video games? i've been noticing some discussions again and again that might have these three terms: - antitrust - anti-competition - anti-consumer obviously, everyone's entitled to an opinion. but, opinions are opinions. they are different from facts. so let's discuss facts in this happy, friendly tip. **antitrust laws** [antitrust laws](<url>) have a broad and almost archaic definition nowadays. heck, the first such law, the sherman law, was enacted in 1890 for crying out loud. there have, of course, been additional laws and amendments, including the creation of the federal trade commission or ftc (more on this later). in layman's terms, antitrust laws are designed to protect consumers from abuses of monopolies or unfair methods of competition. there are a handful of major antitrust lawsuits. one big example in tech was the us government versus microsoft (yes, *that* microsoft) back in the 90s. microsoft was accused of having a monopoly on the browser market when they were bundling internet explorer along with windows. well, it turns out, that was a no-no, because competitors such as netscape would be hard-pressed to become an option as a browser. [microsoft actually *lost* this case](<url>), and the original ruling was to break it up into two companies -- one to develop the os, and the other to create additional software. microsoft eventually appealed, and the rest is history. but that was the 90s. some recent examples from the eu, which is notably more aggressive in its handling of antitrust/anti-competition issues, would be: - the eu's [multiple fines levied on google](<url>) due to its abuse of its market share via android, as well as when its own search engine unfairly favored its own services. - the eu's complaint just this april 2019 was regarding [geo-blocked keys](<url>) as a violation of antitrust laws. named in the eu's investigation were five game publishers (bandai namco, capcom, koch media, focus home, and zenimax) and one storefront... *steam.* surprised, eh? *zoinks!* --------- **anti-competition** while antitrust laws are the laws themselves, anti-competition is simply the practice or activity that could cause a violation of those laws. what does this have to do with video games? well, there's a good chance you might've seen a random user who says: "exclusives are anti-competition." but is this user correct? q: what's the stance of the federal trade commission? a: [check it out here.](<url>) q: wtf does that even mean? a: > exclusive contracts can benefit competition in the market by ensuring supply sources or sales outlets, reducing contracting costs, or creating dealer loyalty. as discussed in the fact sheets on dealings in the supply chain, exclusive contracts between manufacturers and suppliers, or between manufacturers and dealers, are generally lawful because they improve competition among the brands of different manufacturers (interbrand competition). however, when the firm using exclusive contracts is a monopolist, the focus shifts to whether those contracts impede efforts of new firms to break into the market or of smaller existing firms to expand their presence. the monopolist might try to impede the entry or expansion of new competitors because that competition would erode its market position. the antitrust laws condemn certain actions of a monopolist that keep rivals out of the market or prevent new products from reaching consumers. the potential for harm to competition from exclusive contracts increases with: (1) the length of the contract term; (2) the more outlets or sources covered; and (3) the fewer alternative outlets or sources not covered. q: seriously, wtf jason? a: it means that exclusives themselves are not anti-competition by nature. in fact, exclusive agreements -- in general -- are a healthy form of competition. i know right? mind blown! it also requires a certain factor -- a [monopolist](<url>) -- and, by definition, a monopolist is one that has a large market share, the lion's share of an industry, preventing newcomers from competing. it means that a company has to do something drastic that rivals cannot even enter the market or competition can no longer exist fairly. exclusive games are, by their very nature, not anti-competition. if that was the case, then there should never have been a single console exclusive (from a third-party developer) since the 80s. but that wasn't what happened historically, right? because those exclusives drove and nurtured healthy competition for decades *in the eyes of the law.* q: what about "aggressive competition?" nobody likes that, right? a: well, actually, the law does. what?!!!!?!!! the [main faq page of the ftc](<url>): > free and open markets are the foundation of a vibrant economy. **aggressive competition** among sellers in an open marketplace gives consumers -- both individuals and businesses -- the benefits of lower prices, higher quality products and services, more choices, and greater innovation. --------- **what about anti-consumer practices?** this one is even more broadly defined. in general, though, these are practices that attempt to mislead, defraud, scam, or outright harm a consumer. are game exclusives anti-consumer? that is debatable, but, again, if that was the case, console exclusives would've been shut down by now, or they should receive a stern talking to from time to time. the removal of the option to purchase a certain good from a certain store doesn't necessarily mean the removal of your right to purchase or consume, because, more than likely, another store is there -- *whether you like that store or not.* the mere fact that you exercise your consumer's right to *not* buy something out of principle, as opposed to being misled or harmed, implies your capability to decide as a consumer. ultimately, though, this last factor is the only point of contention. we are all consumers with different opinions. but, by that very nature, if you like, dislike, or are impartial about something, you are therefore simply protecting your rights as a consumer. if someone likes a store or a game, that's fair, because that's their right as a consumer. you should protect that right if you consider yourself pro-consumer. the same goes for anyone who may dislike the same thing. so long as it doesn't actively seek to mislead, defraud, or harm others, in the eyes of the law, it's fair game. --------- **why the heck did you write this?** for one thing, there were a couple of big earthquakes here in the philippines, and a few aftershocks have been rumbling. manila straddles a major fault line as well. i'm just making sure everything is ready in case of an emergency. plus, i can't sleep since we'll be watching avengers: endgame in the morning -- and no one wants quakes to happen while in a cinema, sigh. second, and perhaps more importantly, it's to prevent misinformation or the lack of awareness when it comes to these terms. far too often, you'll see these buzzwords thrown around. - fun fact: you probably haven't seen any of these terms until recently/in recent years when discussing games. now, rather than using sources like twitter or youtube to learn about these things, my advice would be to use your government agency's website instead. alternatively, check out some transcripts of hearings or ask a lawyer (note, i'm not a lawyer, i just like reading walls of text). otherwise, check out business websites or ask expert market analysts. last but not least, if you do see a user who's throwing these terms around randomly out of the blue, then save this topic and link it back to them. it may provide insight, or it might get them bored. either way, you're using factual information in a discussion about opinions. --------- thanks for reading! 🏻	18
holy crap john wick from fortain was at e3	5
i'm in boys i asked my crush out and when i did she slapped me and called me a creep. but that hand has probably touched her boobs so hehe later virgins.	0
i hate online school and feel like dying my grades have never been this low, and i've been missing assignments left and right. my parents aren't helping and are super mad at me and i have no idea on how to manage my time. i'm currently in a room in the dark all alone studying cause i am so mad at myself as i have always been a good student and it feels terrible to do bad reddit please help me out. i think i'm going insane	4
just because im an organ donor... doesn't mean you can steal my heart was that good?	5
ahhh ahhh ahhh ahh chooooo!	1
i didn't drink last night and i'm so proud of myself it feels like i've been drinking almost every night. i always feel the need to make myself throw up. but, i was able to resist and say no. :)	13
i hate it when people see me read a book and ask me "you're reading a book?" with a look of disgust on their face. i don't know how often this happens to others.. but i seriously don't get it.. why can't you just leave me alone to my book and get along with your business? people act like reading is very uncool and boring.. they act like "eww, you're reading a book?".. it gets on my nerves.. firstly, because reading is amazing and secondly, because it's so painfully obvious that i'm reading a book if i have a book in my hand and if my eyes are on the page.. this especially annoys me when the person saying this hasn't even tried reading a book and therefore knows nothing about it and still goes ahead and makes an opinion that books are boring.. this happens so often in my class.. it's so damn annoying.. i would also like to say that i think that people who have tried reading one book and didn't like it and who have an opinion saying that all books are boring because i didn't like one book, that's bullshit.. you aren't reading the right books.. that being said, i do understand that some people just genuinely don't like reading and have tried it many times.. (actually, i don't understand.. i can't wrap my head around the fact that someone can't like reading, it's amazing! but whatever, that's alright.. ) this was only directed to those who have not read a single book in their life but still decide that books are boring and also choose to express their dissappointment on me reading books.. trust me, just get yourself the right book.. ok, i think i'm done ranting..	1
me [26f] caught boyfriend [31m] sending potentially flirty text to ex girlfriend my boyfriend and i have been together a couple of months and before this he dated his ex for about a year. i was aware they still had some sort of relationship and talk often. i had asked about it a couple times. the first time he was reassuring and the second time he got defensive and annoyed and acted like i am being too emotional/paranoid. fast forward to last wednesday i saw on his phone he had a message either from or to her that said "ok " with heart emoji. i asked him what the deal with it was. he explained that it was sent because it was his dogs birthday and she loved the dog and was going to be sending the dog gifts. i am having trouble believing this was the actual conversation topic because i've tried to create scenarios in my head where that message is warranted and it just does not quite add up. additionally, he got very defensive when questioned about this and even continued to say "you can't control who i talk to blah blah blah" even though i never once asked him to stop, only said it made me uncomfortable (which i think is a perfectly legitimate feeling in the situation). do i have a right to keep pressing the issue or ask to see the conversation? he has explained to me how he couldn't stand her as a partner, his family hated her, she was an infuriating person, etc etc but still insists on having this close relationship with her. the other issue is that he gets mad at me now if it's ever brought up when i think i have a right to ask questions if he is going to be texting this ex. he has cheated on a previous partner and i just have a bad feeling about this ex.	3
i'm no longer a 15 year old virgin!!!! i'm now a 16-year old virgin ^((i know this joke has been made before but i wanted to say this for my irl cake day))	0
why i could be a mod 1. i hate children 2. i'm good at punishing 3. mo powa baybeh	17
i got texted by a girl unprovoked! she asked me something and that's it	2
im going to b r e a t h e h e l i u m	16
i'm about to go off today on reddit. see you guys tomorrow!	6
i just keep thinking about how freaking crazy the universe is. always when i'm listening to music that has those positive vibes (right bow i'm listening to 'dancing in the moonlight - toploader' (amazing song )) i i just get this vibe from how f*cking amazing everything is. while ur reading this ur travaling over a million kilometers into the nothingness relative to someone thats watching us spinning arround the super massive blackhole at the center of our galaxy. having a consciousness is just so special, so special we might be the only one in the whole observable universe with a diameter of 90 billion light years with it. and we just found out how to get to mars. and this is just the start, i could write a whole book about why i find the universe so freaking crazy. but in the end no one will understand how i see the universe trough my eyes. sometimes i'm crying from hapiness because of how beautifull it is and other times i am having a mental breakdown. are there people that can understand what i am talking about?!?! and yet we do not understand a single thing.	8
cigarettes fucking suck i picked up my first cigarette when i was about 14. it wasn't a full time habit until i was probably about 16. honestly i don't even remember being a non-smoker at all now, and i'm only 22. i hate smoking, but i love it at the same time. i smoke them on days that i love being a smoker, and smoke them on days that i despise being a smoker. i love smoking one minute and hate it the next. it fucking sucks because they make me feel awful, i cough shit up constantly, and they make me stink. on the flip side they relax me, they give me something to do, and hell, i can't think of many positives but i can't put the bastards down. every time i attempt to quit and fail i get so down on myself. how am i such a weak minded person? other people have quit, why can't i? i'm putting forth the effort, why isn't it paying off? even if i do quit, what will i do on break at work? will i always want to smoke, even after i quit? i know that health wise quitting is worth it. i have seen the long term affects first hand. i have tried quitting with everything under the sun. vaping helped, but that's just trading one habit for another sooooo fuck that. i get the motivation to quit, only right after having one. i feel like i'm stuck. (i smoke about a pack a day)	2
hey guess what month it is! friend-zone february	2
free compliments! hi everyone! i'm just looking to chat and throw some free compliments out there, and it'll be worth it as long as i make someone feel a bit happier feel free to message me about anything though! have a great day/night and leave a comment and i'll be sure to give you a compliment	0
lol etika dead! etika chose the easy way out lol	1
i'm going clubbing tonight with some friends and i'm really not looking forward to it	2
what is wrong with me lol have u ever felt like u could see urself? like some things u do u could almost picture seeing urself out of ur own body..? derealization im pretty sure it's called but it's really kewl but kinda scary also im kinda really sad that new promised neverland episode is literally just a recap	7
super straight isn't bad, you are all just snowflakes if lgbt people can make 50+ genders why can there be a sexuality for people who don't wanna date trans people	11
edgi teenagers be like: smh u can't joke about anything these days. all i said was "all f@gs should burn in hell" and they banned me	14
how to develop self worth? hey guys, just one little question here: "how to develop self worth?". my problem is that my life is perfect, at least on the surface. i have a supporting family, great friends, an awesome girlfriend, the opportunity to go to university, don't have financial worries and germany is also not a country where you have to fear for your life. but the funny thing is that i feel like i don't deserve all of this... i know that i have all the potential to become great (don't want to sound arrogant here) but when it comes to execution i.e. studying for an upcoming test or going to the gym, i often procrastinate because i don't feel like i am worth to receive the results. hope this makes sense... and you maybe have some tips to overcome this feeling. have a nice day	6
my (f30) nephew (18m) moved into my parents' (late 60s) home and tensions are getting high. what can we do to motivate him to get his act together? **tl;dr** (also at bottom): **my (f30) nephew (18m) moved into my parents' home (both late 60s) rent-free on the condition that he finish high school, enroll in college, and generally clean up after himself. he has done none of those things, leaving myself and my parents to continually clean up after him. what else can we do to motivate him?** # full(er) story: my nephew has led somewhat of a harsh life for his young age but has always kept his chin up and been a really good kid despite his circumstances. my parents have always had the standing offer of welcoming him into their home once he turned 18. they wanted to not only give him a safe place full of love, but also give him a good start to his adult life by not charging him rent. the only thing they expected in return, which they made crystal clear to him multiple times, was for him to **graduate high school, go to college (or trade school, or some type of thing like that), and to generally clean up after himself** (keep his room clean, keep his car clean, do his laundry etc). so a few months ago, nephew turns 18 and moves in that exact same day. my parents give him his own room, a car (technically my parents' but he can use it anytime), a cell phone, a mini fridge, a tv, and a video game console. everyone is overjoyed and gets along at first, but it's clear nephew is struggling in school. we learn that all year, his grades have been slipping and he is almost to the point of no return in terms of not graduating on time. nephew cannot get up in the morning so he is late for school almost every day, he is not doing his homework. my father (62m) suggests he quit his part-time retail job so he can concentrate on school, but nephew says he "would rather die" than ever quit his job. about a month in, **nephew announces to us that he has quit high school!!!** we are all massively devastated, especially my parents since him graduating was part of the deal. after about a week, we all calm down because we realize he had been doing bad all year and surely would have had to go to summer school anyways. nephew promises he will take ged lessons and get his ged, and my parents seem okay with that. he did a good job with immediately taking an online ged practice test but took no initiative to find any ged classes, so my mom finds free online lessons for the ged subjects he struggled with in the test. after a few weeks, **i end up having to spend a part of my weekly visits to their home by sitting him down at the computer and physically sitting there next to him while he went through a lesson**, because otherwise he wouldn't do it. i keep telling him every single week to please do another lesson by the time i come over again - his lessons literally take only 15 minutes (i have my doubts they are legit if they are that fast, but whatever). he never, ever does them and i have to keep repeating this every single week. that is, when he decides he is too tired or sick to sit at the computer. **nephew also has not been cleaning up after himself**. the first few months, he didn't do it at all. my parents wanted to give him time to process the big changes in his life and didn't want to disturb him. but then they had to have two separate talks to him about cleaning. but even now, he still barely does it. part of the reason i visit my parents on a weekly basis (other than to talk to them, and now for nephew's lessons) is i clean their house for them. they are beginning their elderly years, my mom (64f) has a lot of trouble walking and doing basic household chores and tasks. i come over to vacuum, sweep, scrub, dust, move heavy boxes, assemble things, whatever they need me to do. now, one of my new tasks is to clean nephew's room and this greatly annoys me. his is a healthy and strong young man who is perfectly capable of cleaning his own room (which was part of the deal!!!) but he won't. i find mountains of empty bottles, gross dirty dishes, wrappers everywhere...a few weeks ago, i even found an ant infestation due to his dirtiness, which my parents are still trying to solve. **nephew also leaves his/their car in disastrous condition** - he leaves multiple fast food bags and garbage everywhere, will not fill up gas (even though they pay him back the money for it), leaves the windows open, etc. after i clean his mess, according to my parents, the mess will be right back there in two days time! i've pleaded with him many times to clean up during the week because once a week is not enough. my parents end up going into his room and his car after 3 or 4 days to clean up his messes. like i said, they are elderly and not in great physical shape - it kind of kills them to have to do this. nephew will not even help with hard tasks. my dad installed an air conditioner today and i had to come over to help him. "why isn't nephew helping us?!?!" "nephew is asleep." "but it's 11am..." this is a typical occurrance. this post was spurred by my dad once again complaining how nephew won't wake up, he won't do anything around the house, and how he's just generally disappointed that things are like this. nephew was never like this growing up. my parents are not rich people, they are humble people who are just trying to do the right thing for their family. the lack of rent is not the problem. the whole point of having nephew move in was to make his education easier. they also physically cannot keep up with nephew's messes (nor should they in the first place) and they can't just let their house be dirty. **nephew spends most of his time at his part-time job, off hanging out with his friends, playing video games, and sleeping.** **my parents are at a complete loss about what to do, and frankly so am i**. they want to be kind to him and do the right thing. they still want him to enjoy his life and hang out with his friends, earn money at his job, and play his games. but they also want him to put in effort towards getting his ged and cleaning up. they have sat him down multiple times about these issues. it results in him picking up after himself for about 2 days but then things go back to the way they were. my parents are asking me what i think we should do but i honestly have no clue. i can't be his ged tutor or his personal cleaner forever, i don't even want to do it right now! but i do it because otherwise my parents would do it, and they don't deserve that. the only idea i've come up with is trying to write him a letter or email myself explaining to him what a great position that he's in (i mean, come on, he is living rent-free, no bills, free car to use anytime he wants), that he's taking advantage of my parents/his grandparents, and the very least he could do in gratitude is put in more effort to the deals he made. but that sounds so very i am an adult scolding you. i don't know. it's all i've got for now. any other ideas? *reddit, can you help us?!?!* **tl;dr**: **my (f30) nephew (18m) moved into my parents' home (both late 60s) rent-free on the condition that he finish high school, enroll in college, and generally clean up after himself. he has done none of those things, leaving myself and my parents to continually clean up after him. what else can we do to motivate him?**	11
my [25m] first relationship that has lasted from my teens to well into my early adulthood just ended, where do i start? what app or way would be the best to meet new people? ideally i am looking for people who don't have much experience with different people either. we are out only ones ever (from first kiss and beyond) and we were together for so long. i am in my mid 20's and have a job, a car... i am also very nervous and a bit socially awkward and i think i already have a crush on someone based on their profile (not saying it is wrong to have experience, it's just not my ideal) also, how do you people see relationships with exes? there is no ill will between us, she [23f] just decided to dumb me since it was not something she found "right" anymore. not feeling good about it, since we had a really really good relationship, but apparently it did not just work for her. we are still friends. tl;dr how do i begin dating after my first ever relationship, that has lasted my whole adult life?	9
sorry guys there is only space for one himmy and that's me. thanks for your cooperation	8
my mom rants 2 me abt her marriage problems like how i rant to yall about my problems also wtf u ever um u ever about to post something but then a blast from the past appears and then ur like oh shit cant post that anymore	2
girls really be posting pictures of themselves on the internet and then want to complain when they get attention from guys.	11
so my mom and sister just came home and wow so they arrived and my sister was talking about the henna she did on her leg and stuck out her thigh to show it off. me being the obnoxious little bitch i am took this as an opportunity to lightly kick her henna. my mom told me to apologize so i did, halfheartedly. like 30 seconds later, my sister did a multitude of tai kwan doe movements up in my face and i yelled at her because she does this boastfully all the time and it gets really annoying. she started to walk away when my mom yelled at her to come back and apologize. she said no, so my mom yelled some more. then my sister goes "what are you going to do, hit me?" and my mom grabs her and pulls her into the kitchen where we all were and lectures her on respect or whatever, and my sister says sorry mockingly, and my mom goes (the following will be done in a different format i hope it makes sense) mom: "she apologized to you now say sorry! sincerely!" sister: "she wasn't sincere why should i be?" mom: "it was a hell of a lot more sincere than anything you've ever done!" and my sister just stormed out and my mom yelled at me. fun times	19
she don't want me now i got nobody to play lego avengers with when does the pain end	2
just got jump scared in a game and kinda let out a yell, because i got scared. apparently the guests came early and now i'm hiding in my room because i'm embarrassed	0
when ur wifi starts being bad	2
happy independence to the uk can we come back though i don't like it	9
pray for me gonna find out soon if i've been fired or not. pray for the kid	1
dislocating my toe because i slipped on water i was too lazy to clean up. so to be fair this was a while ago but i was doing laundry in my house and i was filling up the machine. since i'm still young my mom usually does the laundry along with everyone else's. however she wasn't home (nobody was) and i since i had done it before i thought why not do it now. so i set it up and run the water. now, i was doing this while juggling playing cod with my friends on ps4 so i lost track of the time and my washing machine was almost overflowing. at first this wasn't bad as it didn't really spill out that much, i noticed the dryer (i have a 2 in 1) had also filled up and needed to be emptied. the problem was this machine even with the clothes out still weighed about half a ton so i struggled but somehow lifted it and emptied it out in my bathtub (honestly surprised i didn't hurt my back or something). everything seemed fine but a lot had also spilled out on to the floor and rug. now, i finished my laundry and did lightly clean up some of the excess water. by the time i was done with everything, i was a bit exhausted and said i'll just play fortnite or something for a bit and clean this up later. after about an hour or so i got bored and just took a break while still talking to my friends on my mic. since i was sitting for a while, i walked around my house while talking to stretch out my legs. i guess i got so carried away i forgot how wet the floor was in my bathroom and slipped and ended up stubbing and dislocating my left pinky toe. the pain was tolerable but still hurt and i had to wait an hour for my mom to get home and then go to the hospital. i then had to wait about 2 hours, take 3 x rays and have it relocated twice because the first time didn't do it properly . i was given crutches and a couple days off from school (although my mom let me still till i could wear my regular shoes again as opposed to the special shoe i was given) to this day that toe feels weird and every time i stub/brush it against something i fear for the worse. tldr: i forgot to turn of the water while filling my laundry machine, ended up slipping and dislocating my toe. also sorry if the format is bad i'm on mobile	7
blow up my phone please i'm next to this girl and i'm trying to look cool ty gamers	0
why is it so hard to date! hitting my late 20s and after 2 girlfriends (both of ~ 2 years) i'm finding it near impossible to get into a new relationships. trying 3 different dating apps and not even a glimmer of hope hah. i'm not a bad looking guy and can hold a decent convo but not being able to land a date in over 6 years is hitting hard.	4
buying a hookah pen this one will make you scratch your head! so some back story: my girlfriend is a christian girl and she's younger than me so she's pretty immature. today i bought a hookah pen because they're fun and i like blowing o's. i texted her "i just bought a hookah pen ." she replies, "bridoogle. i don't want to date you anymore." now i know what you're thinking, that's gotta be a joke right?! that's what i thought too... nope... dead serious, she ended it over text... because i bought a hookah pen... tldr: hookah pens are the devil and a guy who smokes one is clearly bad news	1
my dad might come to visit me i've been traveling latin america for over 7 months now, and it's been such a cool experience so far. however, i'm really close with my family and i've been missing them a lot the past few weeks. today i talked with my dad and he's been looking at flights to come see me over the long weekend(he lives in the us)!! i'm trying not to get to excited, because it's not 100% and there's a good chance it won't happen, but i've misses him so much and i think he'll love where i am now. also i kinda wanna show off the (very limited) spanish i've picked up throughout the trip.	9
extreamly english guy about to go to an american camp what should i know and how are people going to react? just for record i will be going to a summer camp in 6 monts and i will be 16 by the time. :) even english people make fun of my english accent	4
i attained depression whilst inhabiting the womb of my mother	16
who here is a white supremacist i feel like theres some on here	7
i'm a brat i need a brat tamer	0
whats poppin' looking for someone to talk to. anyone about anything. someone who wants to listen to me rant, ill listen to someone rant, or we can just chat about anything. feel free to pm me a little about me: 15m heavily inclined to music gamer	0
i think my (19f) coworker (29m) likes me. so we are friends at work and i'm sure that he knows i like home to some extent. but this small event really shocked me. so now i'm wondering if this is his way of letting me know that he likes me back. so, i work at a movie theater and i work at the front and the back. well a few days ago, i was working in the back at the drink station. at my job, we have a bar and there is a door that is at the back of the bar that workers and the bartender can exit and enter through. well the bartender, let's call him jake, and i are pretty familiar/close. i would call us friends or work buddies. we always banter and joke around so the energy is always light and fun around us. now mind you, we may be friends/work buddies but we haven't broken any touch barriers before. we don't hug or shake hands. we may brush by each other when passing by but direct touch is a no. this day however, was different. so i usually enter the bar and talk with my friends at the box office area. instead of walking all the way around. jake was walking by and he said, " don't you have drinks to check on." he had customers at the bar so i pointed at them and said something along the lines of, " excuse me. you have customers. you should go tend to them." so he replied, " oh really? well you gotta go. get out my bar." he pushed me out y'all. i kept going back though. every time i had a little time to go and talk to my friend, i would enter the bar again. after doing that for a few times, jake came over and he put his hands on my waist. then he whispered, " getcho thick ass out of here." i was shook. okay! shook. that is an intimate area so i wasn't expecting that. it's not like it bothered me that he touched me. he's fionnnneeee okay. i didn't mind a bit, i was just a little shocked. but my question is, what does it mean? does it even mean anything? i mean, wouldn't someone just grab you by the shoulders or sides of your arm when they are telling you to leave? or trying to direct you? i don't know y'all, let me know. tl:dr! - my coworker grabbed me by the waist and whispered, "getcho thick ass out of here." i was shocked due to the intimate area but he's attractive so i didn't mind. what does it mean though? does he like me? i need advice.	1
i fucking miss 2016 so fucking much i'll fucking take 10 years off my life i just want to relive that year over again please man i fucking hate 2020 so damn much i'm so pissed and stressed about my situation that i can't sleep dude this hurts man	4
when people get mad at you when they don't understand the thing you're describing or explaining i think this falls under petty stuff, but you know when you're having a moment when you're trying to tell someone about something or describe something? and it's not important, and the person doesn't get it and they start grilling you to make them get it, but the thing isn't important to begin with, but now they're mad at you and you feel super weird. and they're not mad at you. but they're all irate and it's directed at you. then you just don't want to even continue with the conversation because holy wolly carol i was just making some chit chat i didn't mean to get a degree here to explain napkin folding. **disclaimer that the thing that transpired wasn't about napkin folding but was actually about probability when it comes to people voting for themselves in contests. but it wasn't important. omg it wasn't important and i didn't pick results of the contest, i just made a quip about people being dumb and giving all their votes to themselves, i didn't want all this**	1
still have not met with my advisor coz i dont know what to change my major to aha lowkey stressin me out coz i fr just dont know what i wanna do. i kinda wanna take a break next semester just to work & figure myself out but like idk i been promisin my mama my whole life that i wouldnt drop out of school but idk if college is rly the best thing for my future. and i dont wanna disappoint her !!!! this just sucks im so lost://	17
i always said bfs were pointless but now i kind of want one i just want someone to care for me and always be there for me	4
best guy on reddit /u/whatdidido1987 bought me pizza and wings because of a few posts i made. there are still good people in the world thank you so much, you saved my ass!	9
a very cursed thought i don't fucking understand that feeling when you're thirsty and need to take a piss at the same time... why can i just regurgitate that stuff i need to pee out in my mouth so that i take both problems put at once?	10
currently eating a hot pocket life is good	0
i have an internship- which means i can graduate! after messing up my first year, connections with teachers/advisors, depression and dropping a whole semester i finally am going to graduate in the beginning of may! i even got approved to get an internship not relating to my major and into the career i want to go into. this position was created just for me and i feel like is a huge opportunity. i am so beyond happy and thankful	6
just needed a place to post this... so my family and i were sitting around, talking like you do on christmas eve, and we had music playing on google. my dad the asked google to play latin christmas music and (i for some reason think this is the funniest sh!t) it started playing mistletoe by justin bieber. i couldn't stop laughing for 10 minutes, and apparently i was the only one to think this was funny	1
i have a proposal does anyone wanna get married no dating nothing then just go on adventures have kids and settle down cuz i do	2
i (m27) am dating an amazing girl (f24) for a month after i recently broke up with my ex-girlfriend of 4 years. my issue is that i can't have sex with my now girlfriend, and it's destroying my relationship. i need to describe some of my thoughts guys because i would really appreciate your precious help and advice. i will start with my ex-girlfriend, so things can have a compatible time line. i met my previous partner when i was still on my bachelor. we fell in love immediately and we lived together after i was done with college. sex was awesome, best of my life and for the first 3.5 years we had at least three times per day, almost every day. she was a natural, amazing vocally and though i don't deserve it she was very easy on the eye as well. we did it while being drunk, while being high, after working for 13 hours straight and so on. an unwanted pregnancy destroyed my erotic mood with my then girlfriend. i didn't have the same willingness to have sex (we dropped to once or twice per week). the abortion took a huge part of me too. of course it was not her fault, and i still feel bad about it. but i couldn't help it. so after a while combined with our everyday issues we broke up. in the meanwhile i had sex with two other girls with no problem. it was not great. i mean, i was not great but still had sex. almost a month ago i met my now girlfriend. three months passed after i broke up with my ex. i think she is the most beautiful girl i ever dated. i am not the prettiest guy but i am lucky enough to have pretty girls on my side. i fell for her from the first time that i saw her. everything was so nice, our characters are so suitable and foreplay was awesome until we both sadly realised that i can not keep my erection. i am trying so hard to understand what is wrong. i am going to start from my insecurities to be fair with my partner. ok, i don't have the biggest penis (its like my galaxy s6, 14 cm ) but i never really gave a shit about it. i build my confidence with other ways, like by being caring, unselfish, good in oral, etc. she already saw my naked, she was touching me, we exchange oral sex, but when its time for me to penetrate i am soft as cottage cheese. to be also fair with my self, while i think my girl is very attractive there are things that i don't enjoy much. for example, i like voices. not pretend able stuff but moaning can make me done without even friction. but i am not even able to tell when or if she is having an orgasm (she is saying she has) and this is really killing my self-confidence. it was a rough night. i waste a pack of condoms for nothing and she keeps blaming herself. i want to throw up with the idea that i left her side today with her not giving me a smile for the first time. i feel useless as a man. and i don't really know what is wrong. do i experience performance anxiety? i am still "traumatized" from the pregnancy? i keep comparing anything with my ex? i am a piece of shit? i tried mental exercises like i would train my athletes and key words to keep my confidence and concentration up (not a therapist but a sports psychologist). i even tried while being high. i don't want to screw this more. i really like her and she don't deserve to feel bad because i am not capable for the obvious. thank you all for your precious time. forgive me for the long details and my possible mistakes. i am open to any relevant question. tl;dr - although i am attracted to my new girlfriend i am not capable to keep my erection while i didn't have a problem before. i am ruining our mood and i already feel the emotional distance i create.	7
should i cry or get high the nightly question. tough decision tonight	10
now this truly is an epic gamer moment i was playing this minecraft clone (minetest) on my phone and i was having a bad time. it was jumping between 25-30 fps and the sensitivity was way too high. it didn't help that i felt pretty dead inside at the time. in the end i just gave up and watched random youtube videos to lighten up (to no avail). but then i had this epiphany. it was one of those really cool eureka moments. i opened up the game. lo and behold, the max fps limit was capped at 30. i changed it to 60, and tweaked the sensitivity as well. i opened up the game and it was all nice and smooth as butter. but it doesn't just end there. i was having such a good time that i actually had a second epiphany where i was like "woah now i know what i wanna do in life i'm gonna do this then so this and..." that was truly epic! i then proceeded to eat a slice of raw tofu and now my stomach hurts but at least i feel pretty cool in retrospect, it sounds pretty lame. but i thought i might as well share my epic gamer moment .	0
old fuck (22) here, bored before the start of a concert. can you youngsters entertain me with your secret millennial humor? edit: my b i thought you were millennials. excuse me z-dudes ---- edit 2: please do no remind me of my old age and increasing mortality --- edit 3: can you leave memes or send them to me so i can see them on my way home in a few hours? ---- 30-40 minutes before kenny wayne shepherd band then zz top. if anyone is in montreux too, wanna be my friend?	0
a girl told me my hands were nice looking today. that's the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me	14
good night to everybody except: kids with led lights in their rooms anyone that says their friend is a crackhead student debt anybody that is younger than the younger than the first spongebob movie people who visit r /memes unironically anybody that thinks big chungus is funny ironically or unironically anybody on this sub that comments "ok". anybody that comments "hol up" or "wait" when the post was intentionally made to have a twisted punchline anybody that comments what i mentioned above. stop it, you're not funny. get a your own personality. you're like the 50th person to comment that. and sanrio girls. jk y'all cool.	7
don't give a fuck nobody gives a shit about you, what you look like and your intelligence. people are too wrapped up in their own lives to care about you so don't waste time trying to impress strangers.	18
[m17] issues with [f16] friend tl;dr met a girl, mutual attraction she's busy though i miss talking to her need support/advice after my last relationship ended i started to try to friends and i made a friend [f16] who shares similar interests and we hit it off really well, we'd talk a lot but it was an on off thing, she's really busy with ice skating and school stuff, she wants to be an olympic skater so we talk when there's time. it was enough for me to be happy with. we have a very similar sense of humor which led to the greatest conversations i've ever had with someone, naturally this led to attraction from both sides. i was still a bit hung by my ex at this time. so i thought *shit i can't get involved with her, it'll just end up being a rebound* so i kept us as friends. i was looking for a cuddle buddy at the time because i'm moving to florida sometime next year for school but i liked this girl a lot and wanted more than just a cuddle buddy. i was having a surgery on my tailbone shortly after so i wanted someone to hang out at my house afterwards and i must've went through 10+ girls but i still couldn't get close enough to any of them to comfortably ask them to hang out at my house for a bit, but the surgery wasn't too bad and i felt alright afterwards. while i did this though i fell out of touch with [f16] for about a month. after a few days of recovery [f16] liked one of my pictures so i told her how i was doing and what was up. i told her i wanted to invite someone to my house after but i couldn't find anyone, she replied "i feel hurt you didn't invite me" i told her i basically just slept afterwards so it wouldn't have been fun anyway and told her we could go out together after i healed but she said "but you hate me" i was confused so i told her that i didn't and what made her think that, it was just a misunderstanding with a previous text. she was happy that i didn't hate her and she said she thinks i'm great but she's always busy and she'll try harder to talk to me. we talked a lot from there, it was mostly just get to know you stuff and at this point i was ready to move on from my breakup so i ramped up the flirting a bit and all seemed well. i was sitting in bed one time around 11pm feeling extremely torn between her and another girl that i might have wanted to date and so i described my situation referring to her as "girl 2" and the other one "girl 1" because i didn't want to just give it away that i wanted to date her even if it's obvious enough from my actions she was such a sweetheart helping me sort out my feelings and at the end i sent a "thank you for helping me i'm pretty sure i know where i'm at now " and she sent something back with a heart at the end as well. i went to daytona for a vacation a little after that and i was bored in the room so i asked if she wanted to see endgame because everyone wants to see it so it's an easy date. she was like "with you" and i said "yeah with you" and i thought i was finally gonna get my date but she pulled up the "but you hate me" thing again. i told her "[f16] we've been over this already, i don't hate you i think you're really great, why would i hate you?" she just said "i know you do" i went into more detail as to why i don't hate her including the fact that it's hard for me to hide emotions so she would know if i hated her, and the fact that we're really alike, ending with "i'm not meany i'm huggy" and she lit up after that "no way" and i said "ya b i g hugs" and she said ":,( i want a hug" i said "well do you want to see endgame together? i'll give you one" she said "i'm in colorado for the next few weeks but yeah i want to go" after that it's just been really slow, she's in colorado for skating stuff and i'm assuming she's just way more busy there because i barely get any texts now and i get self conscious i'm being really annoying and clingy because i initiate all the conversations now and i've brought it up a couple times with her and she says it's not annoying but i've already brought up the fact that none of my friends ever initiate conversations in the past and she brought up herself that she'll try harder to talk to me, which has been the case until recently. i think i'm just pushing her away but i miss talking to her we've got such compatible personalities, she still talks to me like she's interested in me, i haven't had much luck with friends really ever in my life so i can't just be like *i'll just spend some time with friends* off the top of my head i've only had one friend who consistently enjoyed talking to me and initiated conversations but i messed that up by saying something stupid. i don't really know what to do right now i think i should just leave her be until she comes back from colorado and then start up again since nothing is really happening at the moment.	3
i (f21) broke up with my exgf (f20) about a week ago but i still want to salvage it. thoughts on how to proceed? long story short we started dating in october and everything was perfect. it was my 2nd relationship ever and i felt like i found the perfect person. a few months later though things started to change and we just figured we lost the honeymoon phase really quick. fastforward to mid febuary we have a big fight and things are sour. i apoligize and tell her how i feel but we dont get back together. things strangely whent sour after she wrecked her car, lost her job, and her grades took a hit. and i think thats what messed it up. i didnt have a car so i had to rely on my money and my friends to drive/meetup with her and i belive thats where she felt disconnected. ( it came up alot ). i asked her if there were any huge problems and i think the biggest things were; a) she didnt like to argue and b) she was unsure how she felt about me and that she might wants to maintain her freedom/see whats out there. i havent contacted her since we broke up but she still has me on her instagram and watches my stories. i plan on calling her in a couple of weeks for lunch/birthday to possibly try again. she's getting a new job and more stability, so hopefully if shes happier with herself she we could try again. how should i go about it? we ended things on a sad note more than anything and i miss her to death, and she was more or less my first love . tldr: we didnt break up on serious stuff, so i want to ask her to lunch to try again. thoughts on how i should proceed?	9
girls, how many times a week y'all masturbait?	1
do i (22f) unblock my kinda (22m) ex?? basically, i've been talking to this guy for 2 years on and off and i'm wondering if i should unblock him on everything and try just being friends or just honestly cut my loses. the whole story is wild but basically the timing of things haven't worked and he's been pretty insane trying to get attention from me and others. everyone, including himself, believes he's on the autism spectrum, which i don't really care about, but because of that everyone babies him even though he's extremely high functioning and perfectly fine. because of this baby like treatment he doesn't have any life plans, works part time and doesn't plan to move out of his parents or start getting credit till he's 25. all of those things i do have issues with especially for someone i'm romantically involved with since i work really hard at school and in my various jobs. he also has done wild things like gotten on tinder in front of me for attention, say pretty awful things or just say thing about loving me while dating others, which is completely wrong for his previous partners to go through. with all that, he doesn't have any friends and i know is really lonely. i currently have no plans on getting back with him but i can't help but want to be his friend since i know he's so alone and could use the support. any advice would have really appreciated. thanks tl;dr do i unblock my ex and be friends with him since i know he is lonely or just keep away.	3
i have unfortunate news for y'all... my goldfish, named charlie, died this morning. after 6 years of living strong. r.i.p charlie.	2
tifu [nsfw] by giving my wife fungus in the lady bits so this happened a week ago now. the wife and have been turning up volume of sex lately, after some years of lackluster missionary. this particular night i offered her a full body massage. the only massage oil we have in house are some standard sports massage, i think it's lemon scented. i started out with some pretty standard massage, shoulders and back. but after this we went on to the legs, thighs, feet and eventually get butt. at this point she is quite into it(she is usually quite easy to get off), so after some massaging the lower parts, she unexpectedly suggest we try some anal . we have never tried it, and only i have some decent amount of watching porn time on my record, so i'm quite aware that this shouldn't be jumped all of a sudden. anyways i start off with a finger to warn her up. after a while we decide to skip the anal part, even though she likes it. at this point or earlier i must have been putting my fingers in her vagina as well. mind my fingers were dripping with sports massage oil, and had been visiting entrance no.2. tl:dr my wife had to get some ointment from the pharmacy to treat her lady bits which was quite sore. she is sure it's fungus as she has had a problem with that before. after i gave her a massage and fingering with sports massage oil. sex is still off the table more than a week later.	17
i have a confession i still got the green top after 80 days in mc	2
i keep loosing followers smh, down to 64 and it was 65 literally 5 minutes ago	2
wish i could hear music w/out earbuds my family complains i can never hear them. i just want to listen to music is that to hard to ask	2
it's sad boi and self hating hours ^(time to hate the fact that i'm a fatass but do nothing to fix it and get into a spiraling loop of self hate)	0
losing my cat tifu by letting our kitten run off in an unfamiliar place. . so we've been feeding this cute little black tuxedo kitten that's been hanging around our home for several months. he has pretty much adopted us. i am a contractor and drive a large van. today i went on a service call 30 miles away at a busy restaurant. while i was driving, i was listening to one of cyael's videos on youtube. i kept hearing a cat meeowing in the background, but i figured maybe cyael and stripes had a cat that made it into the recording. when i arrived and got out, i suddenly realized the meows were coming from my engine bay. i was afraid the cat may be hurt or burned. so i opened the hood and saw our little kitten! and this is where i f**ked up. i tried to get him to put him in the cab. well this is basically a stray cat. he hissed and tried to bite and claw me. then he leapt out and ran across the parking lot as i watched in disbelief. i looked around for him but could not find him as it was a very crowded parking lot. before i left i drove around and meowed at him in my big ass white service van, while concerned parents looked at me like i was insane and shielded their children from me. i finally left without the kitten. tldr our kitten was sleeping in my engine bay, i drove across town, found him & let him out and he's gone now.	14
moving to a different country bouta lose all my friends and make no new ones	0
i just showed my parents how to sync their phones to a car and now they think i'm a tech wizard... tennessee passed a law which says you can't have your phone in hand while driving even while on the phone hence the reason for this post	1
help me forget her!! i (23m) have a crush on this girl(22f) for 2 years now. i don't know if this is love or anything! i also have a hard time committing to anything in life!! i feel like if i express my feelings to that girl & somehow get in a relationship, i won't be able to commit fully. i am afraid i might get bored or the responsibility of a relationship might be too much for me which will end up resulting in me hurting her!! i am paranoid but also it is very difficult to forget her!! i have used many techniques on 'how to get over someone' i found through online searches!! but nothing is working. it's like she is imprinted inside my head!! how do i get over her??	2
my sister is pregnant. i can't tell anyone yet and really wanted to share. i'm going to be an auntie for the first time and i'm so excited! so excited i didn't even spell pregnant wrong, even though i might have got more updoots. just wanted to tell someone perganant.	6
dear superstraights. if you aren't transphobic then why did i get banned from your subreddit for saying trans rights? curious.	10
my conservative christian dad tried my vape and i was pleasantly surprised with his reaction so i grew up and an extremely christian-conservative home mostly due to my mother but also my dad. i guess sometimes my dad can be very unpredictable, so much so i question wether i truly know him or not. he works a lot and ever since i got a job and moved out on my own we rarely see each other anymore. anyways, he met me the other day at my work on the way home from his work because we had to switch cars for other reasons. both my parents know that i vape and i know my mom doesn't like it at all and i thought my dad didn't like it either but i guess he was always just agreeing with my mom. i was vaping and talking to him on my lunch break and he interrupted to comment on the sweet smell of my vape. (charlie's wonder worm. bomb asf btw) i saw him eyeing it and he was asking me how it worked and stuff. i knew almost right away that he wanted to try it but i knew he would never ask so i asked him, "do you wanna try it?" "um.. yeah sure i'll give it a go..." followed by a quick, "don't tell mom!" i showed him how to fire it and he took a 2 second-ish draw. i was both excited and scared for a second and he looks at me and smacks his lips and says, "wow that is very tasty!" i never thought my dad would have had a reaction like that but it absolutely made my day and idk if any of you care but i had to share it somewhere and this seemed to be the place	8
if i had three wishes,and my first one was for the concept of numbers to stop existing,what would happen to my other 2 wishes?	10
it kinda feels good when you just stand there thinking nothing, staring at that cute tree and just feeling your heart and lungs doing their work. i was meditating # # #	5
hi how was your day pt2 sad cracker hours are commencing need gamers to talk to	2
guys i just found that etika is dead and im sad i really wasnt a big fan of his but still knew him and was like a big punch in the gut when i found out	4
i gotta say it i'm gonna die lanky, awkward, dorky, odd, or just hella nerdy dudes are so fucking cute... i can't take it. everyone around here is a redneck big guy with an ego. i just like dorky boys :(( if they have freckles or dark curly hair it's even better or glasses someone help me please	13
what are some more outdoorsy hobbies you would recommend? i'm a shy nerd who moved to a small city for university. the uni is small and doesn't really offer anything extracurricular other than sports and politics (the latter being absolutely not for me, sorry!) and i'm thinking about what to do with my own nerdy ass. i love gaming and reading but i also don't want those to be my only hobbies. i used to go horseback riding but horses have started to make me anxious so idk if i could go back to that. other than that... i like to swim? generally anything with water. i haven't done anything competitive in that direction though. basically i want to do something active, outdoorsy, with other people. a team sport, a team game, any way to actually meet people with similar interests. bonus points if anyone can think of a way to find other league of legends players and other gamers in real life haha. tell me your non-nerdy hobbies! i want to connect with people and not feel immediately awkward when i notice they don't know anything about games or memes.	1
to some of the guys here... the fact that a girl replies to their snap doesn't mean that she's (or wants to be) "vibing" with you	11
i'm going back to sleep but... if you're down to talk in an hour or so lmk i'll respond when i awaken p.s. this will probably get lost between all these lockscreen posts lol	1
everyone is talking about the mods so i'm going to add my two cents [serious] if someone calls out a user for pedophilia, they should not be banned. if the mods won't change the rules they should at least implement an easy to understand and use system where you can report a user for pedophilia (or some other misdemeanor) so they get banned without the users getting punished for trying to make this sub a better, safer place. on another topic, in the past i have seen far too many queerphobic memes as top posts. it's not super common, but it comes up every so often and i don't understand why the mods allow those posts to exist. thank you for coming to my ted talk	12
only time i sleep is on a plane, paranoia all this money on my brain, guess its more	0
after many deleted posts and comments... i've never gotten over 20 upvotes.	4
i started school with straight a's now im not even straight	5
i have a bump on my shin i already bought the gravestone	2
boyfriend m/22 reacted badly to period sex f/21 had sex with my boyfriend last week and can't stop thinking about what happened. we're adults and have been dating for over a year. i had been spotting slightly and he was aware of this. my cramps were really bad but he initiated sex and i went along with it, to please him and also i know it can relive cramps. note this was in the morning, i had not yet had the chance to have a shower so anyone who has a period...knows things aren't the most pleasant especially if it's the end of your period. after he finished he almost immediately made a comment about how towards the end it really smelt. i had previously explained i didn't want oral because of my period and told him that was why and he explained how he would have thrown up if he'd have done that etc. there was also a bit of blood on my stomach and he asked where it was from (i know.. ) and i explained i let him wipe his fingers there instead of on the bed sheets (so he didn't have stained sheets) and he looked disgusted after he realised he could have blood on his fingers and started checking everywhere. after this i just feel mortified about myself and i'm so embarrassed, i can't help the smell that comes with the last few days of your period and i did suggest a shower before. i don't know if i'm overreacting and should just take it on the chin and it's how guys are? i feel disgusting tldr: boyfriend reacted badly to period sex	1
my crush doesnt leave me on read she doesnt read it at all	0
"i'm wet" she said # did i put too much embalming fluid	5
what's the meaning behind this? so, i (27) was for 4 months talking with a young lady (29) every free minute, straight up genuine conservations till in the night till one of us fell asleep. we had such a great time together even met each other to spend the weekend together hooked up etc. even agreed to meet again at this upcoming weekend because the weekend was so great. but then all of the sudden she tells me , she doesn't wanna have to do something with me anymore and stopped communication with me. literally from one moment to another, there was no build up or anything. i once asked her if we would be dating or is this considered something like that. i tried to communicate her like it was back in the day, but nothing she would occasionally just respond with an "i am sorry, i've got an headache". while she is online texting other people . i don't understand woman at all. tl;dr: i don't understand woman and need your advice	7
i managed to get yelled at like 4 times today and i was only downstairs while my mom was for like 2 hours yay	19
i asked nicely? hey guys. i usually don't do this. can i get an award? i'm trying an experiment and would really appreciate it. no bullshit like saying i'm suffering from cancer and will die in 1 week or saying i'm a girl or shit...... i'm just a guy, not suffering from anything, not trying to con u, just once again here to ask for ur award. if u don't..... i don't mind...... thx for reading this. someone cares about u	3
busting in on my naked boss this happened yesterday and i'm still scared for the consequences... as i've told before in other posts i work in the yacht industry and its not like other jobs by that i mean it's very private. you can get fired for anything. i wrote boss even though it's not the top boss but like the one that has control over everything on the boat - basically his second hand because the real boss is not supposed to move a finger, he has people for that. so let's call this second boss guy (a). so all important people is out having a meeting on a restaurant which is pretty normal like the captain the chief officers and (a). i though it would be the perfect time to show my friends over skype how the boat looks like because i haven't been able to show them. i walk around with my phone and i show them: "here's the hairdresser and the other room is the massage room. - and whenever we have a doctor he usually stays in here." as i said that i open the door pointing my phone directly at my boss (a) being naked with the tv news loud looking out of the window. i see him butt naked and smack the door quick as fuck and start running like a gazelle. my friends started laughing like crazy monkeys and i didn't find anything funny at that moment. afterwards i have been told that he was going to the restaurant but didn't go with the captain and the chief officer because he's work was delayed or something but he did notice someone came in the room but it sounds like he don't know who it was. the talk is going around now that someone went in "his" room because he asked a few people if they knew about it but of course no one knows. the reason why he's not staying in "staff cabin" is because doctors cabin is so much more luxurious and now that the top boss (owner) is not onboard he can do what he want... i guess i should just keep quiet right? don't tell a single soul about it? tl;dr i unknowingly walked in to what i thought was an empty cabin, but there was my boss naked. edit: i'm currently sitting with him now talking about life so i think i can easily calm my nerves. thank you guys! it's nice to know that my fuck-up can turn to something good	9
help! ideas of engagement announcement hello! i see there are some creative minds here and the more the merrier. please help with some idea/advice. me [f22] and my boyfriend [m21] of 4 years decided to get engaged. we find the whole proposal as being something cheesy that romantic movies promovate so we kinda wanna break the rule-we buy wedding rings for both of us and ro this together. we want it to be a surprise for our families. they get along very well and can't wait for us to get married. this july we will go to sicilly with both our families and we want to surprise them there but got no ideas of what we could do. we don't want it to be very romantic or serious, more like a nice memory for everybody and an interesting way to tie the knot. we will have our wedding rings by then and we want to exchange them that day. any ideas of how we can do this? tl;dr: any ideas of getting engaged in front of your family? not cheesy more like a fun memory for all to have. i would like some ideas	8
who here has a stocktwits account i need help i need help spamming a video of mines on there ....only reddit page here i know that have the balls to do so and wouldn't give af what the ppl on stocktwits has to say .....if u down like	18
it sucks when you're having fun group texting with friends until you say something and the conversation inexplicably ends this seems to happen to me all the time it makes me wonder, am i bad at keeping a conversation flowing? or do i just keep finding things to say that are so offputting that no one wants to talk anymore? idk lmao	4
do you have any travel plans coming up soon? im planning on going to vancouver in june to see my little cousin graduate from high school. really hoping there's a ufc pay per view on when i'm up there so one of my older cousins and i can go	8
mixing lime plaster without wearing goggles. tifu: some may remember me from the tooth incident of the other week when i drove into the doctor's car who prescribed me my antibiotics. i'm pleased to report i know have an eye to add to the anecdotes. an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, if you wouldn't. almost 9 hours ago now, i was happily mixing lime based plaster when all of a sudden a freak splooge of funk goes slap bang into the centre of my left eye. lime is alkaline. your eyes are not. plaster also contains quarts, thus creating the "burnie" and "slashy" double act i.e, mr. bojangles' tifu. fortunately for me this seemingly insignificant event has only lead to some temporary hazing, a 6 hour wait in a&e, and the discovery of some minor lesions and a slightly alkaline ph which has been combatted with eye flushing. and by eye flushing, an hour of saline being forcibly inserted into your eye, litres and litres of it. it would have been much worse if i had not spent 30 minutes immediately jumping into the shower to flush constantly with warm water. the somewhat humurous aspect is that i know have an appointment with an eye specialist in 4 hours time there are horror stories of people just quickly rinsing and going back to finish off their job, not wise. this approach can lead to permanent damage. always drop tools and err on the side of caution when anything acid or alkaline comes anywhere near your eyes, especially plaster. your sight and/or depth perception is highly underated. please wear goggles, even when mixing. tl:dr lime based plaster flew into my eye. burns, itches. 6 hours in a&e and about 2 hours in bed before i have to see an eye specialist. wear goggles.	12
i wanna sit in someones lap while i play cod damn i just wanna cuddle with someone so they can appreciate these legs	2
just saw la la land for the first time this movie fucked me up man, that scene at the end...what a beautiful movie	4
y'all out here asking why you can't get a girlfriend but have discord installed if you're really that lonely go simp for xxbunniixkittenxx connor	11
today i had an amazing day at the dmv! sarcasm.. i went there at 6am it opens at 8 but was hoping to get there early enough to be the first aka get it over with fast. nah i was like 20th in line then they took their sweet time and barely got out by 10:30.. then.. no one told me i needed to take a picture so, since i went at 6 i didn't clean myself up so i looked like a mess.. bed hair fml	4
me teeth got removed i just got my wisdom teeth out like 3 hours ago and it hurts so fucking bad oh my god i can barely speak and my lower right side is in so much pain	4
2 of the best dates of my life i've only had 2 girlfriends in my life. 1 in highschool for 3 years, one when i graduated for 4 then since 2014 i've been in a state of depression and it sucked. those first 2 years i didn't date. then i finally started to, did a few hookups, met cool people, even tried to put a label on one of them. but they weren't the right person for me. ... but tuesday... i went on a date with a gorgeous girl who made me laugh and feel like her friend. i actually felt like i could talk to her and be myself. she seems to share my sense of humor and thhe way she talks and her smile, i just can't look away from her. it's weird, none of the past girls, even the highschool ones, did i pay attention to so much detail about their life. but in 2 dates weve ended the night sitting in the night sky talking and looking at each other. i'm noticing details, in fact i'm wanting to notice them. like the color of her eyes, the shape of her mouth, her smile lines, her pets names, family names, past experiences in life, interests and hobbies. in the past i'd hear these things, but i'd never commit them or even melt into those details... but here i am, having the best 2 dates of my life ... ive been trying to tamper my expectations so i don't get ahead of myself... but i hope there are many more	6
just saw herobrine today told him to shit himself and die	0
everyone in the theater clapped in the beginning of captain marvel. i saw captain marvel today and and while they showed the marvel beginning credits, instead of showing all of the avengers like it usually does, it was all clips of stan lee and everyone started to clap for a good minute or two. it was a really weird feeling because you could feel the respect and love for stan in the air. rip stan lee just wanted to share that.	3
i take my texes ec-6 certification exam today-update hi friendos. i posted here on friday talking about how i had a huge exam to take that determines my fate as a potential elementary school teacher. it was removed bc i apparently took too long to respond to the top comment. whoops. anyways... pour one out for yo girl bc i passed!!!! i am officially certified to teach elementary school in the state of texas. thank you to all who sent good vibes. axe em jacks and all that good stuff	6
peruvians mad asl lmaoooo they was never gonna win lmao. the tournament was in brazil so the refs were always gonna give brazil an upper hand so they can go to sleep that night and peru just wasn't good enough , never were , never will be	4
"fuck you, dad" has become this community's meme i'm proud of you meme soldiers, keep it up	18
is my bf actually abusive and manipulative towards me i don't even know where to start.. iv (18f) been with my boyfriend (22m) for about 5 months now and i'm starting to get really worried and scared. i'm not sure if this this is the right place to post this but i hope it is. a little while ago i was talking to one of my friends after i had an argument with my bf and she brought to my attention that she thinks his being manipulative and abusive towards me and now i can't get it out my mind after playing things back to myself. little bit about the relationship! (sorry if this post is all over the place) when me an my boyfriend first started dating we opened up to each other about our past where we have both had a history of abuse in ex relationships and we agreed to always respect each others wishes and boundaries. as the months have progressed he has started to change into a completely person that's hard to recognise and it's starting to really scare me. nearly every single week he gets me to come to his house to stay over and be with him and such. now every single night (no exaggeration) he always always starts getting sexual with me which i usually don't mind because i do have a high sex drive. but in the past month or so there has been a few times where i haven't wanted to because i'm just about to fall asleep because it's like 1 am. so i'll tell him i don't want to have sex and that i'm too tired but it's like he doesn't hear me because he just keeps going without saying anything trying to feel me up and shit. and then climbs on top of me no matter how many times i say no he just keeps going and starts to have sex with me while i'm trying to push him off. iv even woken up a few times to him pulling my clothes off and starting to have sex with me while i'm still waking up after saying no before actually falling asleep. he pins my hands down and even if he doesn't i can't push him off i yell and cry but it's like it doesn't effect him and i can't do anything because he is so much bigger and stronger then me (he does heaps of gym) i don't know what to do. he won't take no for an answer and i can't stop him and then in morning it's like nothing happened. i'm starting to loose attraction and eelings for him i don't want to have sex with him at all anymore he scares the shit out of me. every time we have an argument it's always flipped back on to me an i'm always the one who ends up apologising and feeling like a crap person in the end even tho it's something he has done and i never realised any of this until my friend pointed everything out to me and i don't know what to do i have quite a bit of stuff at his place and i'm scared to go get it and break up with him in case he try's something. with everything that's happened iv been getting horrible anxiety just thinking of him and the relationship but i'm unsure if i'm just being a drama queen about it all or if it's actually as bad as i think it is please help any advice would be great. i'm sorry if this post is a mess. i'm too scared to read it back because just typing this post is giving me anxiety so i hope it does make sense thank you so much for reading	3
gn sub this mf has a math quiz on a unit she doesn't understand at all 💋👩 i dunno if that title made sense	3
what i'm about to say is a certified bruh moment y'all know the feeling when you're sitting next to your popular friend and the girls in front of you talk to him and not to you	2
the girl i like is an absolute midget she's 150cm (4'9" i think) and i love her for it	13
hey girl are your pants a compressed file? because i wanna unzip them	0
is my (24m) girlfriend (20f) shagging her stepdad? (37ishm) ok so i don't know where to begin with this one... my girlfriend doesn't live with her mum, stepdad and their 4 kids. she sleeps round every now and then to see them. her mum works nightshifts. she's told me stories of how she smokes weed and gets high with her stepdad when her mum's at work. i met the 6 of them the other week and we went bowling, my girlfriend seemed very flirty with her stepdad (always looking at him smiling, leaving me with her mum and siblings and going to the bar with him all the time, to "give him a hand" and carry one drink each back lol). i ignored this because i know i'm a paranoid idiot and she's naturally flirty, but i'm okay with that because i know she loves me and flirting in my book is okay as long as it's not deliberately. but i was on the phone with her earlier and she was talking to her stepdad and was stroking their family dog, and said "the dogs not only one that likes a good stroke " meaning i like a good stroke, but is that something you can jokingly say around your stepdad?? he's been in her life since she was about 8, am i being really stupid and paranoid??? tldr; gf is a natural flirt, seems flirty with step dad, smokes weed with him and comfortably says inappropriate things around him (like i like a good stroke.)	1
help onto being a student body official so, bit of context, i am an honor student at my school (yes honor, one of the big graded students etc) without even trying. now, because of my good reputation, i have always been elected as an official in the classroom (just stressing this out). however, just yesterday (as of this post) i got included in the ssg (supreme student government) without personal volition. i am very inexperienced in being an official. so for those who want to give me tips, i would appreciate it .	6
i never pull out i've never had sex but the facts remain.	0
i have tea about my dumb life and i got rejected so what had happened was- i have a crush on my best friend, gamers. i'm a mythical creature ((a girl)) and my bestfriend is a boy. i told him i had a crush. he told me to tell him. (i also have a small crush on one of our mutual friends yes i'm a whore) and i told him to guess and he got three hints and i answered them and i was gonna tell him i had a crush on him and he said "i don't want to say this... but is it ahww" (his initials, we have a running joke abt it) i said "who?" and he said "is it me?" and i said "i don't know anyone named me sorry" and then he got mad at me and i just said "no ofc it's not you" and then he keeps on guessing and he says our mutual friends name. i've already given up at this point and i just say "yes." life is sad and full of disappointment.	13
saw someone else do this soooo <url> lets see how much we have in common	17
i have an exam in 20 mins and i forgot to bring my studying notes so i can get a few mins of quick review. i'm pretty sure i studied everything i need to. wish me luck fellow redditors	6
list of my favorite r/teenagers users 1. u/w4lkinthesun thanks for reading	6
would anyone like to talk? i just got my wisdom teeth removed. i'm pretty high right now and i would love to talk to someone. maybe even make a friend, who knows	8
nhl 100th birthday in honor of the nhl's 100th birthday they brought back a lot of the old players to honor them today, and i missed it by sleeping in	4
i havent been here for a whole 3 days but i am back to carrying this sub kidding btw ok	18
name this house..... hey guys!!! hope y'all are having a great tuesday. ok so for as long as i can remember our houses have had names. my old house was 'the snuggle inn'. current house is 'the tropical dog'. sisters house is 'chez dag'. parents house was '10-20' (cop talk for location) you get the idea? so i'm at my friends house and they are not creative and we can't figure out a name for this house. i need your help reddit friends!! we're in florida. house is consumed by cats and dogs. owners are scottish/irish heritage. no kids, just lots of cats and dogs. can anyone come up with a house name for me? you'll get full credit when i post on fb (and reddit of course. idk how to give gold) anyone else name their houses? much love to you all	3
can someone tell me to work pls someone get mad at me or something bc i have to do this math review but my phone is so nice i'm stuck	2
why can't we send pics anymore. i wanna make gay content	13
keen for a chat hey guys. so i'm home and pretty high right now (not sure if this is allowed in this sub lol) and it's 4:10am where i am so none of my friends are up craving some human interaction so i guess just comment whatever's on your mind right now, if you need advice or just wanna talk, and i'll reply	6
my favorite part of the holidays so far is when my dad casually ate a vegetable at dinner and everyone lost their minds	1
what do i play on cool math games? i got 45 minutes left in class, my brain is turned off and i can't decide on what to do. please give some suggestions	12
i hate being a girl :( i can barely talk to dudes, my periods, and i legit feel like every other girl judges me i just want to be a dude, they seem to have more fun in life	2
describe your life story for me i just want to know about you people	13
i screwed up.... like big time so my first table read/rehearsal for the fall play was yesterday and i missed it.... i was a dumbass and decided to go help my stepmom get stuff for the cat not realizing it was like 3 and my rehearsal was at 4. well with everything happening i ended up getting home at like 7 and i freaked out and emailed my teacher. it's the next morning i'm freaking out, what if i lose my spot? what if i had a big role in the play and the fact that i wasn't there she gave it to someone else?? i just don't know what's gonna happen and she hasn't emailed me back yet	2
i'm hella smart i failed my math but passed the quarter.	0
well hello there qt what can i use to listen to music for free with no ads without wifi man, iused to use google play and a site to download mp3 files but google play is gone now. anyway ik im spamming the subreddit but oops. anyways i wanted to cry a while ago but people have been commenting on my posts so now im happy. whats the last song you listened to? i am listening to all i ever might be by guardin	5
75 days without dad it's been 75 days since my dad committed suicide. i'm not sure how i have gotten through the last two and a half months. i miss him very much. i'm devastated. i feel as though i've been grated by a huge cheese grater and then left to drown in sulphuric acid. i'm still not entirely sure if i'm over the shock of it all. i was totally numb for a whole month. i didn't cry on the day we found him, i didn't cry at the funeral, i just didn't feel a single thing. now i'm feeling a lot more, white hot anger, gut opening anxiety, inescapable sadness- it's so consuming. how long will i be consumed by this? i'm so scared for what is to come in my life. who else will die? how will i ever be a person after this? will my brother commit suicide in the future? is anyone ever happy again after their dad fucking kills himself ?! i don't know what to do with my life anymore. i don't know if i can carry on. i don't think that there is any point to my life. every time i think about christmas i cry. the first of all future christmases without dad. dads are supposed to be with their children at christmas, i've never had a christmas without him. how can i possibly celebrate anything ever again. i feel very hopeless. i don't know why this had to happen to my dad or to me and my brother. what shit lives we are going to live. thanks dad	18
why are all these girls that are whiter than me saying that they are african american on snap? i'm very white btw :)	1
i started playing rainbow six siege around a year ago, and i finally have people to play with i enjoyed the game, but i always had bad ranks because i played alone with 4 randoms in my team who rarely even speaked english or spanish. around 2 weeks ago, i met a spanish dude in a casual match who speaked spanish (i'm spanish, so great) and we started playing. he's a little older than me, as he was born in 2004, and i in 2005. he presented me some of his friends, and i never play alone now, as there's always someone connected. i know have a decent rank (between gold 4 and 3, if you're interested) and i enjoy the game 10 times more, and believe me, i play a lot, and really enjoyed it even before meeting him. thanks for reading, have a nice day	6
my post just received a silver bow down normies	0
is it me or have the memes just been shit recently? i'm not enjoying them very much anymore. r/memes and r/dankmemes have just been shit lately. it's just the same stuff over and over again. if anyone has found something new please show them to me, please .	3
i dont want any girls i just wanna be hot enough that i could get every girl i want. is that too much to ask?	2
boku no hero academia ? (m17 btw) is there anyone that would want to talk about it my hero academia bc i just randomly sometimes want to talk about it or no one around me watches it	4
i'm deleting reddit its consumed to much of my time love you all	3
i want to feel bad for him but i just can't/don't my bf(m42) got rust in his eye yesterday while doing brakes on a friends car. he is a mechanic, who has been doing this work since he was 17!, he knows to wear eye protection! of course, he did not. so he is now injured and spent the day, today, between stay care and an eye clinic. yesterday he whines all day about it hurting, but wouldn't flush it out when we told him to until i screamed at him like he was a toddler . i really want to feel bad that he is in pain and that his eye is swollen and black and blue but at the same time all i can say to him, is " here is your dumbass-award" , next time wear eye protection. we've been together 8 years and i swear he is the most mule headed man i know, i do love him to pieces but am so exasperated with his level is "duh" at times!!!!	16
whenever it says hot young men nearby it is usually lying but this time it knew because my uncle was fisting my ass while i saw it	9
what would you like to do for your birthday? if you've had your birthday what did you do? i would love to get to drive my dream car: the porsche 911 turbo s. not sure how i can get behind the wheel of a $200,000 car though	4
i did it boys. i asked her out. we have a date at fancy sushi then at my place. i have a girlfriend. i can't believe it. she's so perfect, i don't deserve her.	3
tn i have single handedly gotten two of my best friends mad at me. and kicked out of my friend discord channel (separate reasons). how's ur night going? mainly i just hope my plane tomorrow fucking crashes	12
i sent a guy a dick pic and he basically ghosted me the pic i wasn't even fully hard in cause i couldn't get full horny that's probably why	4
i just watched aquaman, and now i have to wait till 2022, which will be my freshman year of fucking college to see aquaman 2.	11
going on a tindr date. i knew it was a bad idea and yet, boredom. grabbed a snack and some water on my way out the door, so i wouldn't need much out. i arrived at this dive bar we have on the river in the country, right outside the city. got myself a mule, sat down, pulled out my art journal and phone, then texted to inquire his eta, as he was just a minute late. text back says he's about to be there, but he will be another couple minutes. he has to pee. that's a lot of info from someone i don't know who apparently would like to be sexually appealing, but whatever. he is already talking as he walks up from *behind* me, as i tap away at my phone. as he came into my program vision, i realize this is a person talking to me. this is a person talking about ted bundy. he's talking about... collectibles? fuck. i put the phone down. my $10 mule is completely full. double fuck. he was very bad at telling hilariously outrageous lies as ice beakers. i have un-successfully, not blocked out at all that he mentioned buying ted's leg hair in a ziploc bag from ebay. petting it and other weirdness. i know i should've left then, even less than a minute in. but i really love honey habanero moonshine mules. totally should've gone to drink it at the bar tho. so, the continuing downward spiral. he tries to turn the subject to ask me about myself, but it was easy enough to turn the subject right back to him by asking about the t-shirt he was wearing. it was a logo design with a cool name that he had made. he made the logo with a heart in it because "symbols have been used for thousands of years". he was printing the logo on tees (cheapest possible!), then selling them to raise awareness about mental health. the t-shirt is a conversation piece, he says. he just started a little over a month ago, so he is going to give proceeds to nami. but he doesn't have a dollar amount or a percentage commitment to donate. he's just "gonna see at the end of the year". so, he smokes a cigarette. that's ok. until he finishes it. he's uncertain if i will be irritated if he chucks it, because at this point i've told him i almost left at the ted bundy bit. so he keeps the butt on the table. i point out it could blow away. he says "they're biodegradable" (they're not) and that the "fish love that shit". i said "neither of those things are true" and we move on to the subject of his houseboat, his phone holding the discarded butt in place. so then, he picks up the phone to demonstrate about the houseboat. of course, i point out the cigarette butt. to which his reply is to *pick the butt up and put it in the cover of my art journal*. that was the moment i stood up and said "yeah, i'm gonna go. so, bye." his entire face dropped. he looked completely crestfallen that i would actually walk out of the date. i will never forget how hilarious the expression was, it was so genuinely surprised. and that's how i fucked up fifteen minutes of my life that i can never get back. the end. tl;dr went on a tindr date with a guy who started by talking about ted bundy's leg hair. the date ended with him putting his disgusting cigarette butt in my art journal. in the middle he informed me that "symbols have been used for thousands of years." fifteen minutes of my life forever lost.	11
should i [21/f] tell my parents that my bf (now ex) [25] sexually violated me? it happened over a year ago when i was still a virgin. i snuck out of the house to see my boyfriend but before he came over i made it clear that i didn't want to take my shirt off and i didn't know if i wanted to do anything sexually yet. i told him i strictly wanted him to come over so i could be in his presence and hang out and he said he understood. he picked me up and we parked near a dark and quiet place. we started to kiss and then he started to get kind of aggressive, he pulled me by the hips to where he was then on top of me while he smashed his mouth onto mine. at this point i was still so inexperienced and i thought this was just how makeout sessions were supposed to go so i stuck with it. it wasn't until he put all of his body weight onto me and started tugging at my shirt to take it off that i started to freak out. his face was still smashing mine so my verbal "no" "stop" were muffled. i will never forget how in that moment i just laid there and was terrified i was going to be raped. i said no and stop a couple more times until i finally had to kick him off of me. i looked at him and said "i think we should stop" he gave me the ugliest glare and said "oh so now you want to stop?". i felt so defeated and small, i had no clue what to do. he was making to seem like i baited him to come out there for a good time, i specifically told him that i didn't want to take my shirt off and to not expect anything but he ignored that. i started to feel like it was all my fault so i offered him head. thinking back on that i'm so embarrassed, i knew how uncomfortable, hurt, and scared i was in that moment but i naively offered to try to make him feel better. he declined and drove me back home. i just sat in my room and sobbed. he sent me text after text telling me how he feels like he sexually assaulted me and how he wasn't raised like that. he said his parents would be so disappointed in him and he's afraid i'm going to tell the cops . the whole time i was consoling him and telling him that i didn't feel like i was raped or sexually assaulted so he didn't have to worry about it but to never let it happen again. the next day he couldn't even go to work he was so shaken up and i couldn't even eat. he profusely apologized and said he was in the wrong so i forgave him. six months later we were completely fine and happy but we stumbled on the place where that night happened. we sat there and he said that it wouldn't have happened if i didn't bait him there. i kind of laughed because i thought he was kidding but he sat there and said he was dead serious. he went on about how it was my fault and if i didn't want anything to happen then i shouldn't have come out. i couldn't help but cry the rest of the way home. i obviously don't want to do anything legally about it. i just want to be able to release something that has been giving me anxiety lately. is it even worth saying something to my parents or should i keep it to myself forever? tl;dr: should i even tell my parents that my bf(now ex) almost sexually assaulted me? i'm not sure how to even classify something like that. i didn't feel and don't feel assaulted but i did and do feel violated. it's been weighing heavy on me lately and my parents are people i always run to when something is bothering me. some backstory: fast forward, we aren't together anymore. his brother died, he wouldn't see me for a whole year because he said he was depressed. i tried to take a break from our relationship about three times when i felt completely hopeless and depressed but he would hit me with the "wow, my brother just died and you're really going to leave me?" so i felt stuck and stayed. i would ask him every week for 8 months if he wanted to hang out but a few hours before we would be scheduled to meet he would cancel on me. he canceled two hours before our anniversary, didn't tell me happy birthday, and would constantly tell me how the turmoil in our relationship was because i was not supportive and was self centered. on the year mark of us not seeing each other because of the depression he felt after his brothers death, i found out all this time he was curving me he was seeing his ex.... he even helped her with her new apartment by setting it up and buying her things. we haven't been officially together for a month now. this was my first relationship and it was a very manipulative one. it wasn't until my parents pulled me out of the relationship that i finally left.	7
i was just at a college acceptance celebratory meet up with other students, but i ended up just sitting there with my mom... oh man do i hate big crowds! after a meal, students and parents were compelled to meet and greet each other, but being that my personality is so similar to my mom's, we both sat at our table awkwardly. ahhhhh i am hoping that my introverted personality will fade away when i grow up	15
got a 2 on my ap euro im gonna cry i got a 2 on my ap euro . i didn't know i was this stupid. oh my god i feel so disappointed of myself. i really thought i was smart , but no i'm actually really stupid . i had a's for both semester, and somehow scored a 2. oh god, i don't know who to blame my teacher or myself. that class was too lenient, or maybe i shouldn't have slack off. anyways i'm gonna go cry to sleep.	4
kicking off the new year in style. these last few months have been a bit of a drag. i left my ex because she was emotionally abusive and cheated on me, that winter seasonal depression has got a nasty hold on me (which is unusual as i'm not a very depressive person), and my new roommates are literally from hell. but that's okay! life's good. i've got a lot to look forward too with a promotion and raise around the corner and i'm kicking off the new year with some new hobbies and revisiting old hobbies. i started making acoustic music with a friend of mine in the army and i plan i picking up skateboarding again after two years of putting away my board. i've also taken a break from girls to focus on and better myself and it's done me wonders because i'm not focused on that 100% of the time like i was before. life's good. how about you guys? any sweet plans this year?	0
getting defensive. what doss it mean to you? so i'm fudging some of this for the sake of anonymity. i don't care about being right or wrong. i want to be better as a person so i'd like your advice. this is a small conversation but you can probably see how it's a piece of a larger problem and in my opinion is that the larger problem is crappy communication skills. my (f/36) bf (m/33) have been together for 2 years. they haven't been very good years. we don't live together. we had an argument a couple of weeks ago on the phone. the argument (as always) is i feel he doesn't care about me very much and doesn't put much effort into being with me. we hung up angry. i text him that i was going out bowling (because he told me to tell him if i was going somewhere). he asked if he was invited but i said no because my feelings we're hurt and i needed some time alone. i had a really good time alone because all the turns were my turns and came home at 11pm. the next morning he calls me asking if anyone came up and hit on me and what i had been wearing. i got defensive because i don't feel like those things matter. i wear the same stuff i've always worn, clothes he calls "slutty" (trendy crop tops and a mini skirt with heels, knee-high socks for the bowling shoes). but that how i dress and he knew that from the start. i refused to answer his questions (bad move?) because i found the questions insulting. i told him i never lied to him. i've never hid things from him, i don't deserve to be treated like that. he had no right to ask me things like that. he said me going bowling alone was borderline cheating if guys hit on me there. a week goes by and he brings it up again. i get defensive again. i say he's being a hypocrite. i say i went bowling alone and no one talked to me the entire night (true story) where as he has gone out drinking at a bar with his female co-workers and then told me flat out that he didn't (i found evidence that he had and he confessed). do i care that he went ? no. i was very angry over the lie. but he'd be royally pissed if i did that. he said i wasn't paying attention to his feelings by bringing that up and twisting it back on him. but i feel like i didn't do anything wrong. i'm a big time loner. there are no romantic or even platonic men in my life(except bf), not even a brother. there are no coworkers i go drinking with, i don't even go to bars without him. i went bowling. i don't feel like i should have to answer his ridiculous questions. he said my getting defensive is suspicious. i told him his inability to be honest is causing him to mistrust others who have never lied to him (low blow?). **tl;dr** am i being a crappy gf by bringing up past situations and not addressing his hurt feelings? should i have just answer the questions and put his upsets to bed?	6
i normally don't need help on things like this but i'm genuinely torn on what to do one of my closest friends admitted to me that she was being flirty after i called it out and said that she was doing it non romantically in a way and has to stop now that i've discovered it, but now she's doing it again. i'd totally date her i'm not gonna lie but i'm confused on wether i should make a move or not, she's been saying words like babe to me and whatnot. she seems to sometimes speak to me like she's hinting towards something but whenever i ask she's like "you'll never know " or when i ask more directly let's say this for an example "why are you acting so flirty again is there something else going on?" she'll be like "what do you mean be more specific : - )" as if she's waiting for me to make a move so we can get rolling. i'm not sure tho since the whole non romantic flirting thing, i need advice.	17
i am leaving this sub because it is only reposts and crappy things to get to hot it's almost as if this sub is full of teenagers or something smh	11
my mental health is rapidly declining thats it, thats the whole post	0
like 5 mins ago i did 20 really good push ups without stopping	0
i hate my looks and so does everyone else i got to know one girl on snap we started ralking oh she lives near me (were both looking to date) she ask how i look i sent her a picture "no what do you actually look like " blocks me that hurt	1
a real question can i game end myself with a tomato?	5
i would say how hot of a guy i am... but sadly, i am asian -ron, the almighty rat king	2
when i found a new break room at work tifu when i went to work in a private workspace room (hotel) that i usually lock myself in when i want to shut out distractions. upon entering, i found that the standard desk and chair setup had been upgraded to a luxurious leather reclining lazy boy chair with a classy matching desk, lamp, and clock. the door even had a lock that displayed "occupied" to any potential intruders. "wonderful!" i thought. "what luck!" i proceeded to work for hours in my new comfortable private office. eating snacks, listening to music, feeling on top of the world in my throne... lunch time came around, and i noticed some funny looks in my direction when i left the room. i thought nothing of it, and proceeded to boast to my coworker about my delightful experience in the newly upgraded "hotel" -- she looked at me with a furrowed brow and asked "not the lactation room, right?" "nope." i replied. tl;dr thought i found a quiet room at my work. turns out i found the lactation room. weird looks and embarrassment ensue	5
all i do is sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex with your mom	0
look at this amazing post and comment on it to get a kiss from me i remember this thing i did i was jerking off on the bus to school this morning and since there's no internet....the video froze on the guys butt cheeks and i nutted to it the fact that i liked it scared me tho	4
i have something very important to say and itd mean a lot if you could take a little bit of time out of your day to read it the diary of a wimpy kid series continues to be heralded as mankind's magnum opus in literature. the entire narrative is delivered by the titular unreliable narrator greg heffley, who draws many parallels to billy pilgrim in kurt vonnegut's classic novel "slaughterhouse-five". the plot itself is a deconstruction of the metaphysics behind mortality and spirituality, which is carried out by a diverse cast of flawed and thus ultimately human characters. the frequent symbolism conveyed through its many recurring motifs (namely the infamous "cheese" which presents itself during critical moments of exposition) leaves many exercises for the reader's mind. the writing is often cryptic and sparse, with much of the dialogue being carried out in mccarthy-esque prose; rowley, the story's archetype for existential angst, often repeats the phrase "zoo wee mama". this particular line often transpires with little to no prior context, usually coming off as as a bizarre non-sequitur - this could perhaps be a nihilistic metaphor for the true meaninglessness and absurdity of the human condition. jeff kinney has left behind the puzzle pieces for us to piece together, but we never may get to truly see the whole picture of this sprawling tale. the wimpy kid writes not a diary, but a prophesy.	3
serious question for guys. (i am a male.) okay, this only happens past 10:00pm, you ever get done doing your thing ( ) and then you just are falling asleep the hardest you ever have before? am i the only one who feels like this when i'm done? like i'll finish and then i'm legit fighting to stay awake and then 5 minutes later i'm fine.	17
reddit has 542 million monthly visitors, making it the #3 most visited website. i have never seen anybody use reddit, and nobody seems to talk about it nearly as much as other media platforms. i just find it interesting how so many people keep their reddit use as lowkey as possible, and recently i've been thinking about why that is. here's what i'm wondering: if somebody asks you if you use reddit, do you respond with yes or no? i've had people ask me a couple times if i use reddit, and i just say no because its something i like to keep private. i'm pretty closed off in real life, and somebody were to go through my profile, they could learn so much about my and my secrets. (writing this on a throwaway so people don't stalk my post history ) i'm on other social medias, and i'm glad to share it with people. reddit allows me to talk and open up anonymously about whatever i want, and im more comfortable if those close to me weren't reading it. is this just me or dae feel the same?	4
giving head so i'm going to town on my bf. everything was going swell until he told me he was going to launch and i got a bit too enthusiastic and he threw out his back. i feel awful and he is in a lot of pain. low key proud but still feel super bad.	9
bruh, like what happened to keanu reeves?! smh i liked him with shorter hair	2
people who have the epic ( ) keyboards and just randomly press keys and type the short story "the penis" is written by hanif kureishi. the short story is about a penis, which has been separated from its owner doug, who we hear from later on. at first though we hear about a guy called alfie who was "a cutter - a hairdresser - and had to get to work". he is having breakfast with his wife, when she asks him what he did last night, and if he had a good time last night? alfie can not remember what he did last night, he then looks in his wallet to examine how much money he had spent or if he has any cocaine left or anything else, which could give him a clue of what he has been doing. he finds something strange inside his pocket. in his pocket he finds a penis, with balls, and pubic hair.	0
"you can't use this at blockbuster" i have no idea where to share this random story. yesterday i had to pick up a new debit card, as i was finishing up the woman who's helping me says to me "you can't use this at blockbuster or red box" i'll admit part of me wanted to laugh because i couldn't tell if she was serious about the blockbuster thing. are blockbuster's even a thing anymore? are video stores still open?	10
i encourage those preparing to ask their crush out because i hope the crush is me. anyone else?	9
net neutrality being reversed, could it be for the best? if the cancelation of net neutrality takes effect and they really do expect us to pay more for content then maybe this whole thing will be for the better. imagine a world where you had to see people in person to interact with them. or a place where you had to learn the old fashioned way or self teach. the innovations that could come from it. hell. maybe even create a new internet that can't be regulated by a vote? a world with less people hiding behind a keyboard persona, the realness it could bring. maybe just maybe, we would have nothing better to do but to focus on the people we elect to represent us to ensure this type of stuff never happens again. society is too preoccupied with whatevers being forced into their eyes /ears from the media and internet to even begin to realize this bill passed last year when trump was voted in. it was just a matter of time. now with all that said theres still court process' this has to go thru and it wont be til sometime in march before you should see this effecting you or your bill. ( if at all )	1
i feel as if i'm a disappointment i feel like i'm a disappointment because of the way i am compared to the rest of my family. my step siblings both get awards and honors from school and they both are popular while i'm a nobody pretty much. i get home and play video games and my parents are disappointed that i play a lot of video games while my step siblings are playing sports and doing activities. my mom even cried one day as she was sad that i never do anything "fun" with them like "hiking". and i've also been disappointed in my self that i don't like any of these things and i'm looked down upon because of it. but on the other hand i'm somewhat jealous of my half siblings because they got to grow up with better things and a better life than me. when i was young my dad was off in iraq and when he came back i didn't even remember him because i was only 4 and he was gone for almost a year and a half. and almost instantly my mom and my dad divorced and i only saw my dad probably once a month for a couple of years. for years my mom would work sometimes 2-3 jobs just to pay for our 2 bedroom house and many times we wouldn't have electricity for a days on end because we couldn't afford it. then my mom married my step dad who was a control freak and he would constantly make me do chores while his kids did nothing, he also took away many of the things i got from my dad because it was "bad video games". he would also yell at my mother for stupid shit that was usually about me. he made my childhood utter hell as i was constantly being watched like a hawk. he is nicer now but i can never forgive him. this all ties into my jealously because my step siblings had a nice life growing up with parents who did fun things and who didn't argue with each other over petty crap. they also got a good education while because of my issues i was always distracted and held back and i was looked down upon from almost everyone in my family for being in special ed classes while they where doing advanced math classes. but another thing is my dad and my step mom probably see me as a disappointment as i don't hardly do anything with them like camp or go to other places. so i'm just a mess	14
what are some good convo starters/initiators need halp pls	12
school's gonna start in 30 minutes #	19
secret anniversary so my boyfriend and i have been together for 3 whole years today!! i never thought that i was able to be with one person for so long, let alone he with me! the first 9 months we've been together in secret, so it's nice to have a place to share our anniversary :-) it's also been the best three years of my life, we've overcame so many struggles but it was so much easier to show through it together! also friendly reminder: this is my first relationship ever so never doubt yourself, there is a person out there for everyone! thank you for reading, have an amazing day.	3
i wasn't paying attention to the time i'm gonna go die now. 15 minutes is like 5 minutes less than usual. not that bad but fuck.	19
i and a friend ended up sending nudes to a gay guy masquerading as a girl online- but i made him turn over a new leaf and basically go through an anime arc of redemption. i'm going to start with this- this is a throwaway account and that is to protect everyone involved. i'm going to withhold actual names, ages, or any sort of info that could possibly lead back to hurting any parties involved, including myself. if some events that i write seem odd because of that- well, i tried to be as coherent as possible. let's begin on a note i'm sure many of you are used to hearing about. i was laying in bed scrolling through instagram when i received the notification that "*insert sexy sounding username* wants to message you!" i of course by this point have received many russian porn star links and the like and decided, "why not have some good old fashioned shenanigans". i hit yes and was greeted with the message "hi my name is *refer to earlier* and i would like to know if you would want to exchange nudes?" now, reading this, i decided the best course of action would be the tried and true method of saying "sure" and sending a picture of nude makeup. so i copied the picture to my phone, and then replied with "sure". nigh instantaneously i see that the camera was opened and bam big honkin tatas dropped in my inbox. i panicked a tad then- my dick screaming "yes" while my mind screamed "dick wtf bro you know it's fake plus her tits look awfully familiar from that porno last night". me- having control of both the dick and brain on my shoulder, sided with the brain and decided to just send the picture of makeup. i quickly get a reply back "so you don't want to? " and so i decided to get super meta and say "i'm curious do you have a bot set up to reply to all the horny bois you message on instagram? or do you just have a script written down that you refer to for each reply over there in india.". i see that it had been read, and a long pause goes by. i think "ah well they probably don't want to waste anymore time on the smart ones." i then receive the reply "i usually stick to a script but sometimes i switch things up." i was flabbergasted. i was in bed just losing my shit over what i perceived as a scammer breaking character to be real. so i then continue chatting- asking, "so do you use the pictures of dumbass boys as essentially ransomware or do you just sorta keep the pictures you scam for yourself." they replied back with "i usually keep them in a vault on my phone, but what is ransomware? also- i'm not a scammer." this exchange threw me for a loop. now- a bit of info about me- i'm an extremely trusting person. i'm honest to a fault and see too much good in this world of fucked up people. i'm also a mega fuckin virgin who rarely gets attention from girls which will explain a lot of my actions later on. i quickly explained what ransomware was- and they seemed genuinely surprised and actually disgusted with people who would do something like that. they then explained that they actually weren't a scammer, they were just 17 and lived in a small town without many options of guys that weren't disgusting and assholes. hearing about this- the problem was i could absolutely relate. i was in much the same situation- however i wouldn't be so "exhibitionist" about it. i pried further, and long story short ended up believing they were real but still remained wary. we began to talk about the sort of guys who would message her- one highlight was laughing at the 2 inch guy who spit game like he was a full 8. i slowly began to let my guard down as time went on- and to make another long story short we both ended up horny as hell for each other and i finally exchanged nudes with her (with the promise on both ends that neither would screenshot the other). by that time it was around 11:30 or so- and i asked if they were tired and that they ought to head to bed. they said yeah- explaining that they usually make sure to have a bedtime of 8:30 (which was the time where they were tipping me off to the vast distance between us) and that they should head to bed. i wished them sweet dreams, and reflected a bit in my head how wholesome and cute that was. their insta even showed they went straight to bed after that- and i decided to counsel with a friend of mine. now this story is getting really long so i'm going to be rather brief with the rest of the tale- cutting out a lot of fluff that i tend to tack onto my writing. the friend and i decided to both message her and believed she was real. he would see how she would react to him sending his dick and wanted to know if he could get more nudes outta her. i decided to be nice to her because i empathized a lot with her situation and it just awakened a lot of protective instincts in me. cue the next day- i wake up with deep regret for yesterday. i am just turned 18, and under federal law receiving pictures of people under 18 is a federal offense that could smack me with a sex offender status no matter how consenting it is between two still basically children. during the time i'd been asleep(i sleep in late) and woke up- my friend had sent his dick and gotten nudes, as he told me. i explain my paranoia justified by law- and the levity dissipates as we worry about possible legal consequences if this got out. i decided to nip it in the bud- and went to message and explain to her in detail how the law worked and that we should probably not do something like that again as it could slap both of us as sex offenders and ruin our lives. when she replies- she legitimately seems spooked- asking about more specific issues and deciding then and there to clear out all the pictures she had. she then thanks me for telling her all that. i ask if we could continue talking as simply friends, and she gives her assent. we have a pretty nice day just bantering back and forth- but as it gets later and later we slip further and further back into sexual undertones and loaded statements. eventually- my desire spills over and i begin to openly submit to talking about sexual subjects. she seems very happy to oblige- and i end up sending her a picture of me fresh out of the shower. she is adamant about not sending more still and i'm more than understanding as that could get her in trouble. we talk about how we wish we could see each other and basically talk like dumbasses for a while until i pop the definitive question. "could i see your face?" there's a very long pause. likely 4-6 minutes. my ears go red as i wonder if i made a mistake in my hormone addled state. finally- i receive a paragraph long reply as such. "anon, i'm so sorry to say this, but i've been lying to you. you were the first person i've met doing this who actually tried talking to me, who put me at ease, who genuinely seemed interested in me for more than just the nudes. you kept being kind to me every time we spoke and i need to just own up to you for this. i'm actually a gay guy, and i like getting pictures of dicks from guys. i'm really really sorry- and i completely understand if you hate me for what i did. i didn't save any pictures of you or anything and i won't get you in trouble for any of this. i'm so sorry." as i sat there, dick in hand, barbecue sauce on my tiddies, i reflected on all the embarrassing things i had said to this guy. my ears burned with embarrassment- but honestly- my brain just said "eh. not the worst thing anyone's done to us." i decided to reply just saying don't sweat it- i'm not too bothered since you promised not to save anything and such. i still recommend you follow through with the advice of not posting pictures of yourself or others that are underage on the internet- as that could fuck up your life- but genuinely i'm not mad. here's where the story mainly ends- they seemed relieved that i had accepted their apology they genuinely said that i was the nicest person they'd ever spoken to and that they weren't ever going to do shit like this. i laughed it off saying there was tons of legal d out there on pornhub for horndog teens around the globe. we still are friends even to this day- although we don't really talk about any of the stuff that happened. i haven't told my friend yet that he sent his dick to a gay guy- and i'm under the opinion that maybe sometimes ignorance is bliss.	3
milfs just hit different ngl it's like "oh, hit me mommy" doesn't work the same if they're not your mother's age	2
on this day 2 years ago i got into a relationship with my abusive ex. today i started a new one. the fun thing is that i didn't even realise it until i looked at the date today, lol. a quick summary of my previous relationship: i was in an unhealthy situation at the time i dated my ex and overtime she became only colder and more abusive to me. after she broke up with me i didn't want anyone else for a long time. when i started bettering myself and improving my life she started "stalking" me which she occasionaly still does. about my new relationship: i've known this girl for about a year now and always had a thing for her. we even flirted the first couple months which fell of for a reason i forgot. we started hanging out 3-4 weeks ago, i would just hang out with her and go do fun stuff most of the time. today i asked her to be my girl and she said yes. i don't care about the fact i started dating my ex on this day too, it makes me feel proud about myself how i overcame all my emotions and thougts about her. i think something everyone deserves is to be proud of him/herself and be happy.	8
a few opinions no one asked for but theyre here anyways this subs dry rn and i wanna debate so heres a few opinions that may be controversial: pls keep it civil, and any personal or derogatory attacks will be blocked and probably reported :d 1) trans people (who have gone through both genitalia surgery and hormonal therapy) arent obligated to tell you theyre trans. take it this way: a trans woman used to be a man, that is in their past. no sane person is gonna go to every date and spill out all their hot juicy trauma on the table for you to determine whether you wanna date them or not. dont expect a trans person who completely looks and passes as a cis woman/man to tell you right off the bat that theyre trans. in a way, its kinda like getting plastic surgery. most times (if it goes well at least) you cant tell theyve had surgery. so unless you specifically ask "have you had plastic surgery before?", that person otherwise has no reason to tell you, unless of course they choose to, which is completely fine. base line: if you're uncomfortable dating trans people (which i think is kinda okay, with some exceptions), just straight up ask people, dont expect trans people to immediately know that you dont wanna date them because theyre trans, we arent mind readers yknow. 2) cringe culture is the single handedly most annoying thing ever ngl. calling something you simply dont enjoy or are interested in "cringe" is annoying asf. i wish we could go back to the days of "if youve got nothing nice to say, dont say anything at all". literally what benefit does it give to anyone to comment "lmao ur cringy" or "cringe" on a post of a topic you specifically dont enjoy, but others do? and yes i know you want to comment cringe under this post :| 3) most people here on reddit hated on tik tok before it was even widely known that there was spyware. this is mostly connected to my previous point, most people hated on it for being "cringe". dont use that "it sexualised kids!!" argument on me, tik tok did not invent twerking, they did not invent lip syncing, they did not invent pedophilia, get your head out of your ass. if youre gonna hate on tik tok for supposedly supporting/advertising minors being sexualised, i hope you put that same energy into literally most websites/apps/forums/groups/videos/photos/compnies etc. on the internet. 4) not everyone is able to get professionally diagnosed, stop hating on everyone who self diagnoses. sometimes there is genuinely no other option. yes there are people who self diagnose for attention and they are quite literally the scum of the earth, but dont generalise the ones who make the premise of it look bad with everyone else. 5) fuck reddit, this place is a shithole with constant toxicity. not to mention the upv*te downv*te system makes it easy to not have an opinion and practically force people who care about k*rma to only comment widely accepted ideas rather than what they actually wanna say. ew this was so long im sorry, im just bored asf. ill probably delete this if the sub's too dry and no one responds	2
just found out that we may be adooting two more bearded dragons! my sister came home today from school and told me and my mother that her teacher (whom is currently going through a divorce) may need her bearded dragons rehoming and that she'd like us to have them! very excited to say the least and i'm very happy that my little buddy can maybe have some friends to enjoy bath time with. her teacher has 3 (we're only accepting 2 as one of them is aggressive and it's not worth putting our current beardie or the other 2 in any/any more danger) the two we're accepting to take on are make and female and have had lots of small lizard babies, i just hope that they get along with my beardie so they can all hang out together. this has really brightened up my day and i'm hoping (alongside my sister) that we can take her teachers beardie's and keep them to give them a good life what's made your day today?	19
are we all a.i.? what if we are ai? how would we know? we gather information year after year. then we reproduce and that information get passed down in dna. what if we are a infinite ai, set to learn the meaning of everything? but if we are ai, and we build something smarter then our selves, and then proceed call it ai, wtf do we do at that point....just thinking out loud	9
i'm shaped like a pear i want to have tits filler filler filler filler filler	2
any recomendations im thinking about buying detroit become human but i dont want to spend my precious savibgs without looking at other options please srs answers only i dont want to end up woth nintendogs what is your favourite game what does it cost, whats it about and whats the gameplay like	8
this fell into my head today: to the tune of nellie the elephant. chorus. trumpy the elephant packed his trunk and said goodbye to the circus, off he went with a trumpety-trump, trump, trump trump. oh.... repeat chorus. a game of golf was calling far, far away, he left one night by the silv'ry light on the road to mar-a-la...go... repeat chorus. now it's in yours	19
i murmur while i'm typing an ex brought it to my attention over a decade ago. i'd be sitting typing an email or chatting or whatever and he'd detect this low-pitched murmur that changed in cadence, paused occasionally, and just generally creeped him out. i realized i was semi-vocalizing everything i was typing in a super-low voice - not a whisper but sort of from the back of my throat. embarrassing! i forced myself to be conscious of it and somehow managed to tone it down. fast forward to now. i hadn't thought of it in years but i noticed lately that it's happening again, especially when i'm posting or commenting here. a few minutes ago i caught myself doing it, paused and looked up to find my husband staring at me quizzically. i gave him an 'oopsie!' grin and asked how long i'd been murmuring. "do you mean today? or since i've known you?" whaaaa? "when we were kids i thought you were possessed." um. ok. turns out i even did it when i used to write short stories on my mom's word processor back in the 80s. luckily he came to view it as "weird but cute" and no longer carries around a crucifix and holy water. when i asked why he still seemed confused he said he's always hoping to detect something recognizable. no luck yet - just an endless stream of low-pitched sounds like a cross between a devil summoning and a gregorian chant. now for the billion dollar question - am i alone in this? if there's one thing i've learned from reddit it's that nothing i experience is unique. don't let me down, guys!	1
stuff to do while sitting i sit at my desk for work, and usually am quite distracted, but can keep up with mildly entertaining things like articles, texting, soda crush, or word finds, but these becomes boring after a while. i would like ideas that don't require too much though or require me to keep my place, that i can do while i work. any ideas? i also doodle, but i have used up so much ink and so many posits!	1
okay but like can people stop horny posting cuz otherwise i'll have to give into temptation	16
fucked up situation and idk what to do anymore me [28m] casual relationship with [26f] i'm 28 shes 26 and we were in a "casual" relationship since the beginning of the year. shes a dime, exactly my type and i was having a lot of fun with her, never said no to her and treated with love and respect, we talked every single day. even went on vacation for her birthday recently... everything was going great until recently after the vacay we got into it a little and spent some time apart... she kept pushing me away. first she said its not going to work out between us anymore because i dont "listen" to her then after she told me she was pregnant and didnt know what to do shes not ready for a baby, she went to an appt and told me she was going to have an abortion. a week goes by and she told me she had a miscarriage. i offered many times to be there for her whatever she needs. she said she needs time alone to process things and she doesnt want to talk to me or see me right now. throughout this i text her how much i miss her and hope that shes ok... and that if she needs anything im here. but shes just cold and distant, im not getting anywhere at all. recently she sent me a message apologizing and that shes sorry shes used to handling things alone and shes sorry for pushing me away. we hung out but idk where we stand and all my friends are telling me shes a liar, i told her that she better not be fucking with any other guys even tho we havent been seeinf each other like that. i have some proof that shes been talking to other guys even though it makes me sick to my stomach we were never in a commited relationship but honestly its what i want with her...ive been depressed and lonely this past month with this ordeal. ive never been in any kind of relationship ever and i just like her so much i dont understand how someone can just switch up on me like that tl;dr: not sure if girl is playing me or relationship is pretty much out the window	2
is anyone else scared of michael jackson like not just appearance wise (which i'm so shocked how he turned from a handsome man to unrecognizable) and like he's always just been so odd to me like i'm dead serious when i ask this cuz i need to know if i'm the only one	4
well i'm lonely now. hey guys, i know this pandemic has bard a bit hard on us all, but one thing i'd like to point out is how we aren't really physically socializing with our friends. thank the lord for technology, and other stuff that helps us communicate, and have fun. recently i started to build a 1000 dollar gaming pc of my own, because a couple of my friends had been doing this recently, and have been playing on them. i'm 14, overweight, and not too good looking tbh. i asked my friends what games i should play with them after i'm done. i know we started school again, and are way more busy, but they said they don't really play anymore. there have also been way too many times on the weekend were they said they could play, but then alter they just say eh i don't really want to. i'm a little lonely right now ngl. i just wanted to share that loneliness is real, and it can be something to consider serious. my parents tell me to do a bunch of chores when i'm bored, and sometimes i'm so bored i might actually do them. i've just been feeling so lonely these past couple of weeks and thought i'd share to the perfect place where depression is cared for: this subreddit.	2
please recommend a low key company that makes awesome ear phones i don't want anything fancy like the beats! just regular earphones with good sound. how long do your headphones last though! i had a pair of jvc plugs that lasted 4 years before it lost a sound in one of the plugs. i've tried skull candy ones and even they they really pretty and all but they went busy after a year and a half so low key companies that make awesome headphones but that aren't too pricey would be good... also what fo you all think about wireless headphones? does the bluetooth being on drain your cellphones battery faster? p.s what's the longest your headphones have lasted without losing sound in one plug?	6
amazon delayed my mother's day gift, and it really made me sad. have prime shipping, ordered 4 days in advance for mother's day. made sure to check the package was going to arrive for mother's day. it was barely being processed for delivery on saturday. i just used in store pickup at "blank" store (don't want to come across as a shill) gonna pick it up later today fingers cross that goes well. this gift a lot less thoughtless than my original gift, at least my mom is getting two presents now even if one is late.	6
how do i change my username sorry i made this account last year when yeet was supposedly "funny" also i hardly use this app plz help ty	4
i'm about to be on a bus for 6 hours, for the first time in my life. i'm absolutely terrified and my anxiety is getting the best of me. i'm going home for the holidays but this time my boyfriend can't go. it's just me and my sister on a bus for 6 hours and we're both scared. we have social anxiety and haven't ever done this. my anxiety is making me feel like i can't do this edit: posting here hoping for some distraction btw	4
another teddy bear but thankfully i'm still alive. today a friend of mine surprised me with a teddy bear identical to the one i bought her about 2 weeks ago. we were both thinking about getting the same thing for each other -without knowing- so when i got it for her first she still bought the same thing for me because she knew i wouldn't guess lol. the only problem is: i already have 2 giants bears! my mom hates them and we always always fight over them. she threatened to throw my first teddy away if i don't stop sleeping with him right beside me. little did she know i got my second just a while after. she was so mad to the point where she didn't even bother scream at me i have a queen sized bed so it wasn't that hard squeezing myself between them and sleep. it was nice actually! very warm. but when i saw what my friend got me my instant reaction was "oh my god my mom is going to murder me" she didn't! and now i'm cuddling all 3 of them and it feels like paradise. what is something you love/enjoy that you always got in trouble for? is there's something you had to give up or fight a family member for even though it's harmless? what was your favorite stuffed animal growing up or now? what was it's name?	4
thinking about that woman who made her kid wear a buttplug so that satan couldn't fuck him in the ass hmm	10
i just ran 3 miles carrying a 100lb kettlebell while occasionally sprinting in 98 degree weather.. it was totally voluntary.. -whispers- helpppp me lmao okay so.. i'm trying to join the marines and currently i'm attending pt. it's monday's and thursdays at 5pm. so, today was the first pt i attended. weather for today was at 98 degrees and it was fucking hot. we ran 3 miles while carrying a 100lb kettlebell. we occasionally stopped to do push ups, leg raises, and forgot the other one we did.. so i have a problem.. i'm unable to sweat. why's that a bad thing? well... i overheat.. by the time we were done my face was so fucking read. it was literally redder than a tomato anyway, i'm proud of myself :) i was actually able to keep up with the others and not only that but i was one of the like people in the front of that makes sense? ok so, people who need more practice/ are new/ etc. stay at the back of the line and initially i was told to go to the back since i was new (first time at pt) since they usually can't keep up. ok i'm making this a huge story lmao.. long story short, i was told to go to the front 1/2 of the way through pt	7
i am very sorry for the hurtful things i may have said i will not express my opinions on this subreddit any longer. no more personal cheese collection posts	2
it's pain week! time for cramps time to down a bunch of medicine and faint whenever i walk ##so, like, if anyone has any tips on how to reduce the pain please give them	0
i bounce up and down on my tip toes to stay warm in the cold whenever i have to take the bus home, i've started bouncing up and down on my tip toes to keep warm. i continue doing it until i feel the burn in my cavs and i'm no longer cold. it also helps me to focus on something rather than watching the time. just helping anyone out who would like a little hack i've used for staying warm. currently 25 degrees where i am stay warm out there everyone!	12
in hospital and they don't really know what's wrong with me	2
oh my god they have hatsune miku sex dolls i know what im going to spend my money on	17
hey there good-lookin how was your day?	17
friend [27f] found out i [21f] didn't invite her to a party... need help... so, i recently (about a week ago) has a birthday. i celebrated with some friends pretty casually, nothing huge, since we were all eating together i didn't want to invite too many people for fear of there not being enough food or space or utensils for everyone. one of my friends who i didn't invite found out that i had a party from this random mutual acquaintance. it wasn't like she was butting in or anything, but she knew it had been my birthday and was excitedly asking about when i was going to do something. and now i feel bad, i didn't think to invite her not because i don't enjoy hanging out with her, but just because it didn't cross my mind and there were people i hang out with more that i wanted to invite. i also don't like having large parties, it just gets stressful and complicated, and i just prefer to keep things small in general. it would be fine except this acquaintance saw on somebody's social media that i'd celebrated and just had to tell her... i'm not sure what to do now -- should i say something, apologize for not inviting her and explain it wasn't out of malice? just ignore it and invite her to hang out soon? i don't want to make it a bigger deal than it has to be but i also don't want her to feel bad or like i don't like her when i do, and enjoy her company. tl;dr had a party, didn't invite someone and they found out via rando acquaintance that i had a party and didn't invite them. friends for 4-6 months.	11
thanks tothe heatwave hitting ireland our grass and gardens are starting to look like american gardens, the grass is no longer greener on the other side lads so ireland and the uk aee getting hit with a massive heatwave which is supposedly gonna last a month. we're starting to get temperatures in the 30s, the record for ireland is 33degc and last week it hit 32 (just shy of 90degf) our grass cant handle the heatand lack of rain and so the emerald isle is turning amber (its awesome )	8
guys don't watch porn it's about sex	5
any japanese young adult dramas to recommend? are there any japanese young adult dramas that mainly involve characters in their early to mid-twenties? these can be both movies and television shows, and i would prefer that they are ones that you might consider good quality. plenty of the japanese idols i know about are in their twenties, so perhaps they're in some titles that might fit my description. although i would prefer a new show, you may share whatever relates to this post.	6
i girl texted me saying that she was interested in me and would like to know more turns out, it was fake and i now have a virus on my phone	2
i posted a coming out post and everyone was being super nice and supportive so of course the mods removed it for no reason	14
this ever happen to y'all i'm literally so lonely and have so little social interactions now that i literally fell in love with a fucking video game character because she's always so happy to see me and i haven't felt that in awhile , she's cute, and i see her a lot because she's an important character. i'm not sure what y'all want to do with this information but i thought i'd share it.	10
my (21m) and her (21f) slow-to-build relationship i just want to ask for others experiences/advice for dealing with slow beginning relationships. specifically, long distance relationship. a close person in my life and i found to share affection for each other, and a couple days agreed to move forward. she's had violently traumatic relationships in the past, and she's explained she's slow to open when it comes to love. this contrasts my immature romantic side that kind of wants to kiss and avoid responsibility all day. i know romance can also be mature, but you get my point. the fact that it's long distance puts an extra strain on us. does anyone have any wisdom as to how to move forward best? thanks tl;dr - what's the wisest way to work on a slow-to-build relationship while keeping some romance?	3
"time erases dramatic memory" my math teacher told me that back in 3rd grade when he made me suck his, ahhh. well i've forgot what he made me suck but the quote remains true even til this day.	10
is there any old men out there who wanna send me money please i'm begging u i am so broke rn i need to get back to work but i can't until may 17th	13
i'm a trans-billionare somebody give me a billion dollars before i'm deeply offended	16
second flat tire in a 6 month span currently waiting on roadside assistance. this is my second flat in a six month span. rear passenger side (again) i got all new tires after the last flat so i'm guessing i'm just hitting a string of bad luck. thankfully this time i made it off the highway	15
i made an account 9 years ago today on reddit and i just think that's fucking hilarious happy valentine's day losers who needs a gf when you have reddit amirite bois??	0
fear of showing how i feel i'm 18 and there is this girl that i really like that i have been hanging out with a lot over the past few weeks. i've never been in an intimate relationship and i'm terrified of rejection. i feel like i have so much love to give but i'm scared that she won't feel the same and will only want to be friends. i want to show her how much i like her but i have no idea what to do. any help is greatly appreciated.	3
can you guys comment "you kinda cute ngl " to the post above? mods please don't hurt me this is temporary i swear.	5
why is this sub getting so dry ahhhhhh idk if it's just me but ughhhh i just want posts to comment on plz i'm begging	15
i'm so bored and idk what to do? i have no energy to do anything other than being on my phone talk to me y'all	15
ok dm me if you're epic gamer 18m who is straight af but looks good as a woman in the girl filter. might start an only fans who knows.	0
it's weird. i kind of lost hope. i had really big passion for sport when i was a kid, but after several surgeries my dream shattered. i wanted to become proffessional volleyball player. when i used to play volleyball, i used to have this "flow" moment, when i would be able to see everything slow-mo, which was bringing me joy. as for now, this year i'm finishing hs, i thought that 2~ years are enough to find my passion. but i was wrong. i lost hope finding my passion. as one would say, sorry for bad english.	9
me being an introvert when i was 10 i created a world where i was this big hero who could not be beaten. i always wound up powering up at the very edge or losing someone important to me in my quest for strength. now fast forward 10 years and you'll see the same hero who has lost a lot and saved many people. he goes from world to world seeking for somewhere to call home since his wife and daughter was taken from him by his best friend. he always puts others first even if it means he gets hurt in the process. he never backs down from a fight and gladly welcomes it and acknowledges the persons strength. he has currently found a goddess that he has fallen for, and just saved the mother of all dragons from certain death. little does he know his world is about to change with the arrival of a new character in this world. what do you guys think about my 10 year long story i play through in my head with him growing more and more each and everyday?	1
anyone else practicing good posture? i'm a body worker, and this past week i received a revolutionary muscle tearing session where my whole upper body was restructured. it felt freaking amazing. literally like a new body. this whole week i've been working to maintain it and i'm telling you... this is the hardest work out i've ever done. and i'm an avid cyclist, yoga person.. activity is my jam.. but damn... squatting down regularly, leaning forward, not reaching, keeping a straight back, relaxing my neck... i'm literally winded sometimes hahaha anyone else been through this, or trying it themselves? i know i'll appreciate this when i'm 80, but dear lord!	1
i wish people were more considerate of my feelings it's always "get the fuck out of my house how did you break in" and never "how's the fuck out of my house how did you break in"	14
goodnight reddit sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite	18
been lot into reddit karma recently i am new to reddit and i know karma doesnt mean that much irl but for last 2 days i've bern lot into getting karma..my whole page is filled with getting karma.. what should i do? im wasting my time this stupid thing	1
i [26f] need help managing my long distance relationship anxiety with my [23m] boyfriend of 5 months hi all <3 so a bit of background info: boyfriend and i met on reddit in november 2017 in a posting that i made for friends. i live in ontario, canada and he lives in new jersey, usa. we became really fast, and close friends but i was dating someone at the time (not a good relationship), and eventually my current boyfriend and i realized that we really liked each other so i broke up with my ex-boyfriend to ultimately be with my current boyfriend. i went down to visit him in the summer for a week and we had an absolutely blast. we considered dating at that time but figured that we should see each other for a bit just to see how things go. since then i have been down to nj to visit for 5 days in september (we started dating officially during this trip), he came up and surprised me on my birthday in october, i went down to nj for a week and a half in november and we flew back together and he stayed for a few days in ontario, then we spent new years together in toronto. the next time i will see him will be end of april when we are going to spain, portugal and morrocco with his parents. we usually text for the majority of the day (using whatsapp), and we try and voice/video chat 2-3 times a week. i don't really have that many friends that i walk to besides him. he is really good at communicating with me if hes hanging out with friends or if he knows messages will be sporadic. sometimes i find myself getting snippy or sassy with him though if he is sporadically texting me (like 10-15 minutes in between messages) without him telling me if he is busy or out of the house. i realize that it's unreasonable for me to expect him to tell me everything he is doing. i try and keep busy during these times but lately i've just have been getting into these moods where i easily get upset if he does that to me. i don't want to treat him like that because i trust him fully and i don't want to be a controlling girlfriend. he also doesn't deserve my sass either when he is just doing something as simple as being at the mall, or driving to get coffee. i try to remind myself if i feel that i am getting sassy that we don't have to talk all day everyday, that he loves me, and i try and breathe and keep myself calm. i need advice on how to keep myself more calm during the times when he is sporadic or doesn't tell me what he is up to because i realize that is unreasonable and controlling. please help tl:dr; bf and i live in different countries, i feel anxious when he messages me sporadically without telling me what he's doing.	3
what do you think is the best way to solve the obesity problem in america? my sister thinks is to force everyone to become vegan. i think we should encourage kids to be more active at a young age or maybe eat smaller portions? they're building this health convenience store in my city but i know it's not going to last because my city hates healthy anything	4
sad face let's get down to business. i've had crushes on 3 girls so far in high school over the past 4 years and none of them have worked out :( fast forward to the start of 2021 school year, there's this new girl who i have a chance with, then my best friend likes her too (he doesn't know i do too) lady's and gents can i get f in the chat	14
love on a badge looking over my collectables the only one i have a story attached to it is the gotham city pd badge from the fox show. when i went to go pick it up at the comic book store, the guy behind the counter brought it out, unwrapped it, and placed it on his palm. he said, "danny, would you do me the honor of..." and i saw where he was going with it so i placed my elbow on the counter and my head on my palm with a big smile on a face. i'm like, "this is so unexpected!" he thought it was funny when i placed my head in my hand at least. have you ever received an item in a similar or other outlandish way?	8
i just had the best friendsgiving! i've recently joined a friend group at my school and it's so incredibly fun to have people you can trust and be yourself around. anyways, on tuesday we were talking about doing a friendsgiving and ended up talking about possible exchanging gifts. since not all of us had the money or time to get gifts for each other, we decided to do a secret santa sort of exchange with letters. everyone drew a name out of a lunchbox and wrote a letter and drew a little doodle for their person. today we exchanged letters and it was so fun! we all got kinda emotional and the girl i wrote a letter for started tearing up, which caused me to tear up. it was so nice seeing their faces while they read it and reading what someone wrote about you. i think the experience really brought us all closer together. long story short, it was a really cool experience and i highly recommend doing it with your friends! it genuinely brightened all of our days and gave us a little momento from senior year. we promised to do it again at the end of the year, but something tells me there is going to be a lot more crying involved. so yea, i just wanted to share this sweet little moment of my day . hope your day has been going well!	6
19m not much experience with women but i like a 18f (more info in actual post) so starting off for some context, i am possibly one of the most worst people with this kind of stuff, my dumbass literally never had a significant other/partner because i didn't care about that shit till about 16/17 years old. i have a chronic stammer (similar to a stutter but instead of repeating the same word, i just can't say the word and just repeat the syllable till i can actually say it, this will be important later) i am also live on my college campus, so... on with the post! this girl i like i met through my group of friends, she's always been friendly and quiet. seems like a nice person in general. she had this flier for her friends party on her social media page (i also never go to parties, never got drunk, high etc...) i didn't think of it much at first, but i saw her walk by on campus and she said hi to me then asked if i was coming to the party, i told her i'm not sure because i might go home for the weekend (i wasn't too into her at this point but i was still into her if you get what i mean). i thought about it and after a while i was like "fuck it just go", i went to my nearby target and bought a polo for the night. that same night i added a post on my one page dropping my username on my other social media, and she was one of the few people who added me that night. i was like "oh cool", probably doesn't mean shit don't get too hyped about it buddy. we talked a little before the party, just random talk etc... but onto the party. i go to the roommate with my party we get there early and get "drinks", not enough to get smashed but later the girl i like comes to the party and after a little while i ask her if she can get us some drinks, because we hadn't had any in a while. well here's where it gets interesting, i get smashed for the first time and i'm like, "oh shit this is fuckin awesome!" i'm the opposite of myself, i can actually speak without fumbling on my words, my confidence is shooting through the roof, i'm talking to random people (another thing i don't do), i slightly stumble while walking etc... we eventually go back to the dorms we live at not getting caught, relax for like 30 mins, see the girl texts me "wya" or something like that, i say at the dorms and tell her my room number, and surprisingly she comes in like 5-10 minutes or something. we get to our room and we're just talking, nothing stupid. we get to the topic about her and her past bf's, she said she had 2 and she just got out of one recently within a month or so, but she still has her "card" if you know what i'm talking about. and throughout this whole conversation my confident ass is making compliments like, "you looked really good tonight" etc and other stuff like that. just being a stupid drunk dickhead, not sure if she was smashed or whatever, didn't seem like it but she saw i clearly was. she goes on and says she doesn't like guys who get with chicks just to smash and mentioned my roommate does shit like that. then as she's leaving i give her a hug and tell her thanks for tonight and i jokingly say (holy fuck i'm cringing typing this) "can i get a kiss" and she just laughs and brushes it off and politely says no. i texted her later for her number on social media, i went to bed and she gave me her number in the morning and she said, "i take a while to text because i'm busy a lot " or something along the lines of that (she does work a lot though so that's what's giving me hope). i texted her in the morning saying "i'm so sorry for being a drunk dumbass last night, it was my first time." and she said its ok its a new day today, something like that, we talk and stuff etc... which leads me to where i'm at now, i didn't think of it in the morning but i think she said she takes a while to text back, just to curve me. i'm super shitty with this stuff so of course the good side of me is saying have some hope you dumb fuck while the other side is saying you done fucked it up. opinions? tldr, i got invited to party to one of my female friend's party, got smashed for the first time, went back to my dorm, she also came back to my dorm room and we talked, i said some questionable things and compliments and came off strongly while under the influence, she gave me her number but said her text back game is weak, but still talks to me, part of me thinks she curved me and another part ones to just have hope. i still feel stupid for coming off strong because i literally have no confidence when i'm not drunk and wouldn't say those things if i was drunk.	4
too tired today i just want to laze around today and have fun washing my hair. saturday's are easier for me to be social but friday's feel daunting i'll get my errands done and fulfill my social obligations.... right after this nap	16
deciding to go over to the place of a girl who i talked to on instagram ok so backstory time, this girl dms me few weeks back about how if i am ever in town again i should let her know, she's a local and would love to show me around blah blah. i told her i lived in the area and she was all excited oh wow we should meet up etc, i said sure. i've just been busy since so i never followed up. today out of the fucking blue, she sent me a snap of her after-bath, in towel. i was like.. okay. then she's like what ya doing? i said nothing out of the ordinary what about you, she goes i'm drunk and just really turned on, do you want to come over? i said sureeee. now tbh.. i did sense a feeling in my gut at this point but i was just going with the flow. she gave me an intersection of streets address (which i thought was fine since i had never met her yet). then she's like r u coming or no. i said aight let me get an uber, and she's like show me a picture of your uber.. i was like calm yo tits down lol. i then asked her if i should drive instead and she's like "you're seriously starting to get on my nerve. like are you fucking coming or not", honestly she was pissing me off at this point. anyways i drive down there and i'm like ok now what, she gives me the address and then i ask her if the door is open.. or should i wait for her to open it.. or ring the bell?.. this is where it fucking shocked the fuck outta me. she's like "i'm really into anonymous stuff , was thinking that it would be really hot if it did like a gloryhole type of thing i want it to be completely anonymous, you come over, stick your dick in the hole and i suck it no talking just me sucking on you, then you leave and the next day we meet and pretend it never happened. we act like it's the first time we ever met, even though we both know what we did. so every time i give you look you can't say anything about how i sucked you like a pornstar! so there's this outside patio thing next to my window, you come inside and walk straight to a door that says no smoking, open that door and right on your left there's this ladder, go up it and then you'll be at my window, there's this little crate for me that i use to go out there, you can stand on it, but you might be too high, but there's also a puddle, there's a hole next to it stick your dick in it for me so i can suck it" i swear tf devil i drove back in no time and god knows what i escaped today. lesson learnt: never be desperate	9
i wish i had a bigger shlong its only medium size ______________	2
since coming out i got myself a boyfriend and i'm so happy, it might not seem much to other people but it's a massive milestone for me	8
being hungry so this this fu happened last night around 11:30pm . i'm on my laptop playing tera for about 2 hours now and i'm starting to feel very hungry because i didn't eat that much for dinner, so i'm like i'll just drink some milk than wander off to bed, so i reach the kitchen and open the fridge and i find no milk. fml, but i find this container filled with pieces of watermelon so i'll just eat that instead. i take out the container and place it on the counter but only halfway on the counter so half of it is dangling so i'm like it'll be fine, so i get a bowl and i'm about to get a fork but when i was reaching for the utensil drawer i accidentally drag the container of watermelon with me so everything is on the floor now all that precious watermelon is dirty and all the utensils are dirty so i'm like dam it! so i clean up the watermelon and wash off the dirt and clean the utensil and clean the floor which is uber sticky so i pack up everything and head off to bed, once i'm in bed i notice my leg is sticky and not the good sticky and my shorts are wet from all this watermelon juice. tl;dr - rip to all the watermelons that were sacrificed that night and i got some sticky juice all over my leg and shorts	17
yo girl, are you a bitch? because i will love you as much as i love my dog sarah!	3
yeah, im famous my website got 3 views	0
beauty of books the great debate of "the movie is better than the book" and vice versa, there are some things that must be addressed. i'm biased and i'm picking books and for all of us readers, this should be relatable. the beauty of a book is not just the book but our own creative thinking. we interpret the story, the characters, the plots, etc. and i love that! a movie basically builds that for you. oh, you didn't envision jay gatsby to look like brad pitt? too bad! and now, if you revisit that book, good luck not picturing the protagonist or antagonist as a hollywood a-lister. lol as well, no matter how much time is spent in between reading a particular book, when i go back the characters look the same, the houses, the town...everything looks the same as i imagined it the first time. and no two towns or characters of books look the same! it's amazing to me what our minds can do. a writer writes and our minds help create it. there is no way i could ever pick a movie over a book. movies are entertaining, yes. but a book is an entire world at your disposal any time. i prefer to get lost once in a while.	6
i just want the horny to stop. please i wanna be happy not horny	2
ight imma take a nap comment something and i'll reply when i get back up	5
only bitches like anime i am bitches	17
epic gamer win guys that awkward moment when manny heffley frames julius and ethel rosenberg for transmitting classified us government information to the soviets	0
letting a teacher know i was an incel i'm in high school (currently 17), and i'm currently writing a research paper regarding the effects of the perry expedition on the japanese revolution. i went to a history teacher who is supposedly informed on japan to ask for help, and showed him the document i was working on just on my computer, and he opened up an online resource for books. he just clicked on the search bar, and the stuff that popped up was as follows: "rhinoplasty" "male rhinoplasty" "cost of hair transplant in trenton (my home town) vs \[where i currently live\]" "black pill" "jaw implants medpor vs silicone" "hate life but don't want to die" (and a bunch of generally messed up, and plastic surgery related stuff - the suggestions dropped down half the page for some reason. i think it's the auto-form recovery chrome addon that did it). and the like. a bunch of dumb, plastic-surgery related stuff. i noticed his hesitation and he didn't say anything, luckily. all i can say is it wasn't funny while it was happening... had he said something, i don't know what i'd have done. there's no doubt he noticed, though. at least i can point out that the online resource he linked me to was illegal if anything comes up, so we're all in the wrong here tl;dr - teacher used my computer, typed something in the bar, and all the fucked up recommendations from my three or four years of being a tortured incel popped up.	0
first job i just got my first actual job. i'm horribly socially anxious and terrified of failure, but i got a job working in a little shop. i still fight the anxiety but it feels nice to be moving forward.	6
posted in other forum with no luck. emotional issues stemming from ongoing parental irresponsibility. hello! this is honestly a throwaway account because i don't want any family or loved ones finding this. also, i'm sorry if it's all jumbled, btw, i've only just now built up enough courage to ask for help about this so i kind of word vomited. if anyone needs clarification or has any questions, i'm willing to answer. so, firstly, i have just turned 20 (within february). i have a boyfriend who i have moved in and lived with for about a year, now. initially, my parents had very serious issues with the relationship and i've, thus, discovered new things about my parents after leaving the house (mostly stealing money from me/being unreliable, etc.). and honestly, i've only now discovered that they were screwing me over financially so im glad to be independent and i'm happy to have left. i was hoping i'd also never have to associate with them again, but this is not the case. i have a 23 year old special needs brother who cannot just up and leave like i did (and there's nowhere else for him to go, really--my grandparents are housing a couple of married druggies and their children, my other grandmother lives in a cat-fur infested hoarder house so it'd be bad for my brother's health (shoot, its bad for her health), and everyone else has died from drug abuse). this being said, i'm left to care for him as my parents refuse to get a babysitter (maybe it's from being broke after spending all of my college money??? just found out about this btw--probably gonna be another post but in financial advice ), so i'm running between my apartment and my parents every day of the week (not to mention they're so lonely that they make my boyfriend and i feel bad about leaving when he visits them (even though all they wanna do is either watch tv or smoke for hours...and this is after i've watched my brother the entire day). my concern is that my therapist is connected to my family (in that it's the same therapist who i had seen accompanied by my mother in high school). i'm afraid if i tell my therapist anything (and my mother had threatened me not to tell my therapist (mostly about stealing my adderall that i don't need though)), she might call child services and that's too rash right now, so i can't talk to her about the things that are bothering me. for example, since my mother has started smoking mj (after my father introduced it to her), she's been very irresponsible about life (apart from simply being veeeery unstable from both my dad telling her that she can't take pills to make her happy and, apparently, me moving out). she hasn't bought groceries, so for the past month, i've been struggling to feed my brother when i come over (while forgoing feeding myself--i even had to ask my boyfriend to help me feed my brother which was so embarrassing and i just don't want to do it again). i was very sheltered as a child and my parents never wanted to teach me how to do anything (despite me asking) or even let me do anything so i never learned how to fend for anyone, even myself. due to this, i'm having trouble figuring out how to help fend for my brother as well. i'm trying my best but it's hard because my parents are taking and using all of my college money (they're paying for my car with the college money but it's in my father's name and they're not showing me how to make payments nor lending any of it out to me--they're using it for whatever new expensive bong dad wants). i don't foresee my brother leaving the house anytime soon nor do i see my parents getting any better. i don't want to call child services (it's literally the last thing on my mind) but i don't know how else to handle this. it's just beginning to feel like a lot and i can't even talk to my own therapist and i would just really like some advice or some hope to look forward to. i'm so overwhelmed and it's making my depression very bad again (but i can't even go to my therapist to even talk about it......).. what can i do to fix this situation without blowing it all out of proportion with legal action? tl;dr parents are shitty. i moved out by what's left for my special needs brother? can't call child services, have nobody to help out. what to do now?	11
stay or leave? i apologise in advance that this is so long!! so a while ago i (19 yo girl) went on a couple of dates with a boy who seemed lovely, he was soooo nice, a gentlemen and just a little cheesy. whilst we had a good time, i wouldn't say sparks flew - but that might have been because i was just looking for someone to pass the time with (which he said he was too). but regardless, i went on a few more dates - which were just nice. then we kept in contact over text. possessive may be too strong, but after a few dates he suddenly wanted something serious and needed constant reassurance that i was 'his'. he wanted me to delete my tinder and meet his family and got upset when i wouldn't or said we shouldn't rush. he would start saying it was understandable why i 'hated' him, that everyone leaves and he deserves to be alone - although i never ever made, or tried to, make him feel this way, most times i would say things like "we have plenty of time", "there's no rush" - this wasn't good enough. likewise i have always had a tough time with affection/compliments and he constantly gave me these - but wanted them in return. i told him i was working on it but i think maybe i just wasn't into constant 'cheesiness' and he said that i was hurting him, making him feel unloved. when i said we were best ending it he told me about his depression, his reason for being upset all the time. he said that i had helped massively and that he felt content and happy in my company, so i stayed as he promised not to jump to conclusions all the time, be patient and learn to take jokes (something that he could never do!!) i was both happy and anxious about being with him. this was because the last person i spoke too was depressed and all i wanted was too make him happy (i felt exactly like he did, although i never told him that i was in a similar state of mind). despite begging him not too, he made promises about staying in my life, being different from the rest and showered me in compliments/affection - and was one of the first people i ever let do so. it was amazing, then he shattered my heart by waking up one day and telling me he just didn't like who i was, not even enough to remain friends or keep in contact (but often called to tell me he wanted to kill himself) so i was sceptical at first about being with another person who was depressed (that sounds horrible) but i wanted to help, plus, i knew how it felt. in the weeks before meeting him i was going through a serious rough patch - i was doing things i regret and wish i could forget, purely because of how sad i was. i told him about it, as a way of having a connection since i felt that there wasn't really one but i wanted to try because he said i made him happy. however, all that lasted were petty childish arguments, when i wouldn't meet his demands. eventually i told him that i couldn't do it, i needed to fix myself first before thinking about being with someone (something i had kept doing to fill gaps in my life, being with people only because i hated being alone, which i instantly regretted as i watched them leave) and i told him i wasn't gonna become the people who had hurt me before, he didn't deserve it. straight away i was too blame. how could i have done this to him he asked. i said i would always be there for him but he said there was no way he'd be sticking around for anything other than a relationship. although we were over, he would reappear with snaps/messages about how bad things were. and of course, i would message and see how he was. then he would be happy again and say he felt better, that without me he doesn't know how he'll get by. eventually, this continued and he begged me to try again, reminding me of his depression and saying it would be different. i just gave in - but on the basis that it was completely casual. we weren't together, but if we felt like meeting up we could (his suggestion). now i'm stuck. i've tried to end 'it'?? multiple times and when i bring up that it's not serious or that i'm busy so can't meet up he goes into meltdown. although i've avoided seeing him at-all by saying i'm busy, i have no idea how long i can last. my worst fear is that he is sad and that he does do something, but i'm trying to cope with my own problems which i can't do whilst being in a relationship with someone else - especially not someone who makes me feel like everything i do is wrong, gives me silent treatment as a punishment and makes me feel like an awful person. i just need some advice, how do i do it? i don't wanna hurt anyone but i don't know if i can stay until he's in a better place. i've told him it is my issue, it's my fault i can't be with anyone (which it partly is; i am fixing myself) but he won't even accept that, he says i'm hurting him and then posts things everywhere about how he can't cope. i just need some words, something to say or do. ps. sorry for my terrible spelling and grammar, it's 4:38 am - i'm half sleeping! tl:dr basically i don't know how to end a short relationship with someone who has depression, even though we're not good for each other and i feel constant pressure to meet his demands - or else i have to deal with 'consequences'. he makes me feel guilty for trying, should i stay until he's better?	1
i came out just came out to my parents as bread because i am always getting it	0
waiting for my buddies to comment on this post try it see if ur one of them	0
i[m25] have been talking to this girl[f21] and recently she's been going through a lot of family and friend issues i'm a [25m] she's a [21f] i knew this girl for about a month because she recently got hired at my job for the first half of the month knowing her. she was trying to make moves and i ignored them because i didn't want a relationship, till eventually i hung out with her for our lunch break and she seemed really cool so i decided to give it a try from this point she was always trying to do stuff together and she seemed really interested. we had some deep conversations and such and everything was working out really well, with a strong emotional connection. we finally planned a date and she was telling me she's excited and that she really likes me. when the date day comes like an hour before our shift ends at work her best friend from the military who is spending the month with her, his boyfriend recently broke up with him and he was saying some scary stuff to her, like suicidal and then went ghost on her. she was very worried but didn't want to cancel so we waited till after work and before leaving we met up talked about it and then decided it would be best to help her friend and make sure he was okay but reschedule for friday friday comes and from that moment i don't really hear a lot from her other than she got in a big fight with her mom and she was going to talk to her mom and that she hopes my day wasn't as bad (her and her mom weren't on talking terms because of their last fight and she was ready to kick her out) friday came and went no hearing from her so i text her assuming we're done. she gets back to me the next morning saying that she doesn't want to have a normal conversation right now or go out right now because all of the stuff going on and it's not that she's not attracted to me anymore i tell her that i'm here for her and i understand blahblahblah and she tells me she really appreciates me and that i'm really sweet. we continue on and from this point forward she is actually keeping me updated(she doesn't like taking about this stuff) we get to yesterday where she was working but i take her shift so she can talk things out with her mom and eventually gets through to her to where she's not going to get kicked out(before this if she left the house she would lock her out) since this past friday where we didn't go on our date she hasn't said anything or done something to point that she's still interested. and has been scarce with the talking to me. what do i do now, things are better with her mom, do i try and make a date with her finally? or do i just leave? or do i keep being there for her tldr: girl starts at job a month ago, constantly makes moves on me. i finally cave. things are going well. till personal issues(she told me what they are take over on her end. now i'm not hearing from her as much but she says it isn't me. do i keep fighting for her or is she a lost cause and probably no longer interested	3
give me some love. i'm going to need it	15
edgy memes are not funny! like 9/11! don't joke about that! my uncle died on inpact there... he always will be the best pilot from the middle east tho... nobody could hit a target from so far away	2
when's the next mod application thing i'm just curious filler filler filler filler filler filler	5
my (26f) fiance (25m) is terrible at gift giving. so, i love my fiance and partner of a year and a half dearly but he is just the worst at gift giving. and hey, its not like im a materialistic person. he just isn't really interested in giving things to other people and it bothers me. he's going to go shopping tomorrow with one of his friends (who doesn't know me very well, but is helping purely because they are also a woman) to pick out a gift for me. i can already tell i'll hate it. i always put a lot of effort into the holidays and spend a lot of time (i'm crafty) and money on my close friends and my mom who is my only family, every year. when he gifts it's only ever one thing, always under 20$, and it's never wrapped. he's never made me anything though also being a crafty type. i'm starting to think it must feel like an obligation to him and he just wants to get away with the bare minimum. (i tried to do the same and put minimal effort into a gift so he can see how it feels... but i can't. ) another thing that drives me crazy is that he has a large family and his grandmas and aunts and uncles will all mail him gifts for christmas, so he will get several boxes of presents and handmade treats every year and *he won't even send a thank you card or call them.* i admit, im jealous. his parents easily spend several hundred bucks on him every year too. (tbh i dont think he even gives them anything) i feel very much sometimes he doesn't appreciate what he has. maybe my perspective with this is very different. i've only ever been obligated to get things for my mom, and i love doing things for her. but he has this huge family and and maybe finds gifting to be overwhelming? i honestly hate the way this makes me feel. i can't help comparing all the time and effort i put into what i give to him to the lack of what i would consider quality gifts he has given me. also, i generally just feel ungrateful and have such a hard time talking to him about it. i dont think he means to do such a bad job, so i dont know where to start without hurting his feelings. as an example: this year he gave me a $15 stuffed animal for my birthday. i expressed repeatedly that i dont like gifts that aren't practical beforehand. i also found out he bought it very intentionally, a month in advance. he doesn't know that i hate it. i know that the solution is communicating. but i dont really have the words. what can i do or say to make the holidays less painful? because so far i have mostly succeeded at trying not to cry, and feeling stupid for wanting to cry over bad presents. tl;dr gift giving is an important way to express love for me, and not at all for my soon to be husband. it makes the holidays hard on me and i would like it to become less of an issue. also he doesn't know how bad at giving i think he is. help.	12
"dont worry about the earthquakes, their happening in the small desert part of california that's not really populated, we're good" - everyone online that moment when this line doesn't give you any comfort because you live in the california desert	12
tired and annoyed by online dating. been going at it for 2mths. knew my precious exes irl and things happened organically. just came out of a 6 yrs r/s, and the previous one before that lasted 5 yrs. basically single for the first time in a decade. i am 31f. i am trying to not get emotionally invested in every potential date. it is also difficult to get used to the fact that most people are "shopping" fellow people, like some commodity. how are you able to really know someone if you just park them aside after one date? are you that perfect person yourself? i wish everyone could give each other more chances. how are you able to find a partner if you are fleeting from one person to the next at different days of the week? how has dating come down to this? my dates always tell me shit like "oh you are so pretty and fun, i'm surprised you are single." uh-huh and then? they don't ask me out for a second date. i mean, i'm fine with that, and i know it's them not me, but how to develop any attraction or understanding based on knowing someone for less than a day? and wtf is up with ghosting. i am trying not to be superficial and giving guys many chances but they don't seem to take it. yes i guess i could just stay off these dating app things but i want to find a partner. i am also trying out meetup groups irl but the crowd is usually much older and i can't seem to find topics to chat with said older ppl. ): and it's not like i'm idle; i workout, have hobbies and friends. i am very much happy on my own too. just would be nice to share my ups and downs with someone again.	1
a new youtube channel hello i'm a special ed teacher and i have started to read books on my youtube. i really need some feed back and would love if you could check it out. thanks and have a wonderful day <url>	3
i [19m] just got my first date planned! im freaking out! please give me some pointers! so i downloaded tinder for the first time, met a nice girl and we chatted for a couple days. i asked her to a coffee date and she said yes! i'd never thought i'd get this far . how should i go about the evening? i'm already so nervous haha. what's your go to first date questions?	9
more gorl memes less penis jokes . female redditors matter too	2
a co-worker gave me a positive-but anonymous- review! peer reviews get posted in company emails, where everyone can read them. usually people include their names when submitting, since it's positive commentary and we're a pretty chill group. someone had a lot of nice, and specific, things to say about me, including referencing a past conversation, but for the life of me i can't think of who it is	15
is it bad if i found one of my current favourite songs through tik tok?	10
just a little advice for y'all damn this shit crazy dawg but #####.*.##### ####### **############# ** ## # ## ########## + * ##### * --+--+- +-+ +-+ just dropped down to say +-+ +-+ you hella gay, no cap +-+ / +-+ /# +-+ / \	6
i just took a blast to my past on a kpop forum... i was so fucking annoying holy how did i have friends on there jesus christ . i'm crying though :( i met some really chill people there including this one girl (though at the time she was an entity to me with no gender, ) and it was a weird hate love relationship (no romantic feelings lol might've just been my hormones) :( and she was like 21 at the time and i was like 15 and that's so surprising considering the maturity difference but omg :( we would joke around and i'd drag her faves through the ground. then there was this tumblr page that got made and people called me annoying on there and i got hella depressed because i had no life in real life and that place was my only source of happiness. looking back i'm not surprised at the amount of haters lmao. oh it's just all very nostalgic and i want to cry. i logged in anonymously to see my old posts and inbox, but most of them were deleted and the ones that weren't, were recent and were not during my peak celebrity phase on there i'm only kind of sad i lost all my friends i made there since i left since i'm not comfortable being friends with people when i'm not happy.	13
my bf(17) cheated on me(18) for the 2nd time what should i do this is my first time posting but i just really need an advice. i love my bf very much. we started dating in october 2018 but he cheated on me back in may 2019 for the first time and since i couldn't resist him i gave him a second chance. he didn't have sex with the girl but they exchanged nudes. when i saw the messages on his phone the girl asked some things about me and at one point the girl asked who's better between me and her and he'd pick me.. same when asked about appearance between me and the other girl. that's why i gave him a 2nd chance. i just dont understand cause we always do it and i always send him whatever he asks for and tease him too. we already talked about it and he said he made a mistake and would never do it again.. til today(july 2019) my friend and i were messing around with her cousin (who he doesn't know) and we tried to dm him and stuff to try to catch if he's gonna cheat again and he did at first he said no then eventually gave in. but again when asked about me he'd always say good things and after he sent nudes he tried to cut it off and said he loves me.i know i basically asked for it but i had a feeling he would turn her down. he doesn't know that i know and i dont know what to do. i dont want to lose him. i'm so confused an i missing something? tl;dr my bf cheated on me twice but he always comes back to me and pick me. i really dont want to lose him.	4
if hold my liquor by kanye isn't therapy then wtf is lmao i dont see my therapist in winning 8 grammys and collaborating w kid cudi and chief keef just sayin	7
i'm bouta have my first kiss but i need help... she knows what shes doing but i don't... help? how do i kiss? i don't want to embarrass my self but i love this girl too much to let her down. i probably won't sleep at all because of this so i'll respond to any replies. should i shave my shit stache?	0
i did it guys! i finally did it boys... i got a girlfriend can i get a w!	17
for once i'm happy in my life :) anyone feel me? i've got great friends, a supportive sister of who i am, an awesome bf, freaking awesome friends on reddit, i'm scraping by at school and just living life rn. lol un the morning tho i'll probably hate life just u wait anyone feeling my positive vibes?!!!	1
you look like you eat cheese suspiciously	5
i tried to people, i couldn't people. have you made a peopling error? if you don't want to share, overanalyze mine! ok, quick backstory: i work nightshift (usually 12-14 hours) in a fairly mentally draining field, so usually i go straight home after work, eat a bowl of cereal while browsing reddit, and crash. today i decided that i needed some monster more than an extra 30 minutes of sleep, so i headed to the store. after i had gotten my monster and some candy that was enticingly displayed in my path, i started heading towards the checkout. i made eye contact with a walmart employee who was (i thought) sitting on a crate restocking bread rolls. he was middle aged and had these really cool kneepads on, and i guess i stared at them long enough he sensed me looking at him because he looked up and made eye contact. my social skills made a break for my frontal lobe and made contact *juuust* long enough for me to wonder if i was being creepy. so, stupidly, i decided to say something. "hey man, your kneepads rock!" *thanks brain, you idiot. what am i, a hippy? oh wait, i need to smile, you're supposed to smile with compliments* *full two second delay, then:* this guy just looks at me. no expression, just blank stare. i thought maybe he didn't hear me *(bad! bad brain!)* and tried again. i went for something shorter, because i was still walking past him to the checkout. "cool kneepads man!" ok, all you poor saps that work with people (retail/service/etc.) know exactly what i'm talking about when i say that this guy gave me the teeth-only doesn't-reach-the-eyes smile you do when someone says something and you can't actually say what you're thinking. "thanks." i don't think i've ever heard someone end their sentence with such finality. i shrugged it off as "eh, people work sucks" and kept walking. as i passed him, i caught a flash out of the corner of my eye. something looked weird so like the nosy, awkward person i am i circled back around the next aisle, casually stood behind a stack of bread crates, and looked down the aisle at the guy. he's not sitting on a crate. he's in a wheelchair, and while i was creepily staring i noticed that he wasn't moving his legs at all - he actually paused what he was doing to make sure his foot was on the footrest. *oh. ohhhh.* *brain sputters to life:....oh no!* i decided not to make it worse and fled to the checkout. by the time i was out to my car i was convinced this poor guy who already has to deal with paralyzed legs and working at walmart thought i was making fun of him when the skater in me really did think he had cool kneepads. walmart dude, if you're reading this - i'm sorry man. thanks for not being mean, you really did have awesome kneepads. for the rest of you lovely people who read all the way to the end, what would you have done if you had suddenly been in my position after i noticed the wheelchair? tl;dr: i tried to people at the end of a long shift, ended up accidentally mocking a disabled person. how do y'all people successfully after a tough day at work? if you could've taken over and saved me from my own misguided socialization, how would you have done it?	19
i'm starting to get really frustrated with my math class and need to rant a little hi i'm a 21 year old guy college student. i am a math major and currently taking a math class where it teaches you how to prove different theorems in math using various proof techniques. i have an exam on monday and i'm stressing like crazy. i cannot for the life of me understand how to do extended induction even after going to every class, going to office hours, looking up youtube videos, and looking at different professors notes. i'm doing everything in my power to understand this topic and i just can't get it. i'm extremely frustrated as i haven't socialized in 10ish days studying. usually math comes extremely easy to me as i easily passed all of calculus, linear algebra, differential equations and a lot of upper level statistics classes. and i have never once hit a wall this hard before. rant over. now back to studying	4
i know you had your reasons i know you had your reasons and we probably wouldnt have worked out, but i really did love you a lot and i miss you so, so very much, i know i should but i dont want to move on, i still have hope	2
2003 gang wya where are my fellow incoming juniors	0
just got my second dose of covid vaccination today. and oh my. my arm is sore as heck. but still, all is fine.	6
home alone on saturday nighy getting so bored while others have fun all the friends i used to hang out are away. my best friend hot out with other friends. i'm home alone on saturday night like a shitty thing i am. because i wanted to have a great night and everything falls apart if i am not organising things as i always do-alone. now... i'm here with you guys. how can i make what's left of the night more enjoyable? have a great weekend!	3
hey ladies i just beat doom 1993 on nightmare mode with normal controls one at a time please	0
discord dating servers in a nutshell straight: hi guys i'm 14 i like cuddles, minecraft and i'm looking for love dms open gay: im 14 i like muscle milk, sex and working out. im a top looking for a twink.	3
there's a tyrant in my life i'm at loss guys, this is my last attempt to find a solution to my problem before i give up and just find new friends. for the past 8 years i've been best friends with a guy named "bob". me and bob have done it all together, getting chased in cars by angry people, getting caught shoplifting, partying etc... this year somebody new came to my school and he has the same name as me. at first i was okay with him but as people were calling my name just to turn around and see that they were talking to this fuckwad i was getting pretty mad. at first he seemed like an okay guy but as i got to know him more and more as he infiltrated my friend group i began to dislike him. he uses psychological manipulation tactics to get people to like him more and always argues everything even if he's wrong. he is the douchiest mf i've ever met in my life this kid wears sunglasses inside our school because it makes his face more symmetrical and he read that girls like that. at first since he hadn't done anything to me i had not pointed it out my dislike for him out of maturity but then this kid realized that bob was the highest in the social hierarchy he just began following bob around 24/7. he runs out of class as soon as the bell rings and goes to find bob before anyone else can talk to him instead of going to his locker. he constantly asks bob (and others) to "walk him to the water fountain" or bathroom or locker or to go microwave his food. as bob has been hanging out with this tyrant more and more i've begun to notice some changes in his personality. he's become more greedy and bit more arrogant. one day i was supposed to buy a vape from this kid and he told me "somebody else wants to buy it for 10$ more sorry man" and i desperately wanted this nicotine so i just said fuck it and paid him 50$ instead of 40$. but that wasn't enough! on top of 50$ he's like hmmmm i'd like something else let me think about it... he wanted a grilled cheese from my house at lunch (i live near my school and my friends often come over at lunch). i know damn well i'm not giving this motherfucker more food from my house after he has stolen some from me after telling him that we can only go to my house if he doesn't raid my kitchen. on the weekend when i was hanging out with bob and some other friends, my vape broke. i was infuriated and bob told me this kid lied about someone else buying the vape just to run the price up. this is the point where i realized just what kind of person this guy is and it also made me take a look at bob like wtf man why didn't you tell me before? i really don't know what to do here. while i was going to math tutoring at lunch i saw my friends going outside and they come up to me and the tyrant says "oh you aren't coming outside with us? okay!" math tutoring was full so i went outside and met up with my friends at the trail. bob asks me "why didn't you come on your bike?" and my answer was i thought you had it(he often rides my bike and i'm fine with it as long as he doesn't damage it.) . suspiciously, everyone was very quiet and i was wondering why. at the end of 3rd period i left school because my last class was religion and that shits a waste of time so i hop on my bike just to see that there's a flat tire. i was fucking pissed. as i'm walking my bike home i see bob and the tyrant running out of the school onto the trail to go vaping and i try to yell at bob but he ignores me. at this point i was genuinely sad, it hit me that i was losing my best friend to some deceitful manipulative arrogant greedy little rat and i don't know what to do about it. once i got home i called bob - no answer so then i called the tyrant and he said that my group of friends walked straight to the trail and that nobody even touched my bike. he even put a girl that was there on the phone who defended his position. after further inquiry i found out that other people saw bob on my bike and this is after i called bob again and he swore that he didn't even touch my bike. once i told him i knew he's the one that popped my tire i told him he's gonna have to pay for a new tire and install it and he admitted to "doing 1 catwalk on my bike and instantly putting it back and promises on his moms life that he didn't pop it". i know he's lying because if he we're being truthful he would of told me right off the bat that he took it. the only reason he asked me why i didn't bring my bike to the trail is so he could find out if i realized he popped the tire. it's been a week of back and forth and bob still won't pay for my tire. after texting another one of my close friends who was at the trail that day she told me that the tyrant was talking shit about me asking my group "why do you guys even hang out with him? he barely even talks to you guys he so quiet etc..." do you want to know why mf? because you do all the talking your mouth runs more than usain bolt you greasy asshole i never get a chance to tell jokes anymore because your so quick to shoot anything i say down! i'm the only one who sees trough this kids charade. he only uses people for personal gain and is never genuine. he used me for food, to come to my house, to get rides to the ski hill when me him bob and my other friend went in the winter and more shit like that every day. he is clearly a social climber and all he wants is to be best friends with bob with me out of the picture. and his plans are nearly in fruition! bob works at a farm in the summer and the tyrant is telling everyone that he's gonna be sleeping over at bob's house every day to go help him on the farm! if this shit actually happens i'm fucked. my best friend is gone and it's all because of this deceitful mf using me to climb the social hierarchy. i need help reddit, should i abandon bob and this tyrant or try to do something? i'm at a loss	2
sorry guys.... americans of reddit what is wrong with president donald trump, i don't watch the news that often but i want to know why people are hating on him please tell me i just want to know (no i am not a trump supporter or a anti vaxxer)	9
god if i wasn't at a friend's i'd be yeeting the hell out of my thigh maybe the reason people hate me is because i'm annoying and clingy	10
i just found out i have a inheritance of a few million from my grandpa i am so happy!! but i'm moreso happy because i get like double the amount my younger brother will get	12
how do we work things out? my boyfriend [29] and i [28], can not seem to get along at all lately. the last year has been pretty up and down for us relationship wise. i feel most days like i'm in the dark, like i don't know how he feels or what he even wants in our relationship. i try to talk to him about it but most days it ends with us fighting because he doesn't want to open up. we own a business together as well & it adds some stress to our relationship but usually nothing crazy that we can't handle. lately we have been getting into a lot of fights because of communication problems, he will say something and i will reply whichever way and then he will get mad at it. because he thinks he said or told me something which i 100% know he did not cause it just happened and he didnt say it, but then he gets mad and yells because he believes he did, and then talks down to me specifically saying "your small brain" cant comprehend ... or when i try to talk to him i get blantenly ignored, which in return he will tell me that i never told him anything ... for example tonight we got into an argument because we were trying to figure out what we were going to get from the store & what to cook for dinner. he suggested a few things, i said no to one * he said i didnt say anything just grunted. and said okay to the other & then about an hour later he asked me the same thing to which i said " i thought we already figured it out, that we were going to go to the store and grab steaks? i just didnt like that one idea you had" to which he yelled back for me to make up my fucking mind , that he's not a mind reader" ... so obviously i got a little ticked cause i didnt need to be yelled at .. and then it gave me a bit of an attitude, he then walked by me as i was looking in the fridge & asked me if i had any ideas for dinner ? to which i said "no" , he then got pissed off, said it's not a yes or no fucking question.. i was a smart ass and said "well yes, it kinda was " and then it proceeds on from there with him calling me names that are inappropriate.. and rehashing an old arguement of him accusing me of downloading an app to talk to some guys .. which never even happened buttt annnnnyways... i don't want to leave him, i really dont. we have been together for going on 8 years right now, we have a house together & a business... i feel as though with some work on communication between us and maybe some other things we can get passed this. but he doesn't seem to be listening to anything i say, and then getting mad at me because he's not even listening to what he's saying himself.. tldr ; having communication problems with my boyfriend of 8 years. advice would be great. he is incredibly stubborn.	11
i feel alone, i feel lost, i feel scared i'm scared that i'm pushing everyone away, people care way too much about me and i don't want them to be hurt by my rash decision making. i sometimes make errors like everyone, but while i accept others mistakes i cannot accept my own. it's almost like i value others more highly than me. i'm not in a good place, i'm really not. do i see this hell ending. no, i'm not doing this shit for attention. i'm doing this because i want everyone who messages me to know i appreciate them. i appreciate every second you decided to spend messaging me and making me feel less alone and less scared of the world. im sorry if i ever did you wrong i really am. i don't want you to be upset or feel pain due to me errors. i'm sorry if this post upsets you that's not my intent just please stop feeling sorry for me, it won't get you anywhere	3
i need to tell somebody for the first time... in the uk its a level results day. 2 years ago i went to sixth form and dropped out after the first year due to anxiety and health problems i didn't know i had (namely fatigue and tiredness). i did the as's then but not the full qualification. instead i went to tech college and do a vocational qualification there instead. a few months ago i posted that i was doing the epq. i can't remember what i said but it was tricky then. i got a call today from college, and it turns out i got an a which is my first. ever. i'm so happy if anyone else has got results today then well done to you gives out internet hi 5's. <presses post before the anxiety gets to me and i delete my post>	8
do u recognize me im pretty cool, sometimes i make unfunny posts and sometimes i post shitty opinions (except for the baggy shirt one i love baggy shirts they are amazing)	0
so i've been talking to this guy and he left me on read for a cool 23 hours ( ) but then we linked up for the first time last night with a group of friends and got kinda high and he started messaging me again so i'm just gonna consider this a dub	2
go to my profile and look at my pinned post _________________________________________	17
why i am good boyfriend material day 8 pros: i'm super chill everybody tells me i have a kind heart i'm pretty tall like '5 "10 i want someone to cuddle and protect (i don't know why but i have a major paternal instinct almost with people i love) can cook! cons: i'm a fatass (working on improving my health tho) at 18 i'm going to the military so it'll be a while until you can see me when i join i'm a tad adhd so i have a hard time staying on task sometimes likes: horses, star wars, classic cars, tractors, trucks, fishing, model trains, gorrilaz, lawn mowers (idk why i just do), video games, anime, and nature. dislikes: whiny people, hitler, being told what to do when i was gonna do it anyways, rainy and cold weather, pedophiles, and getting my hands dirty (literally like i hate the cakey felling mad on your hands gives.	0
looking younger than what you actually are isn't a good trait like 50 year olds claim it is "haha just wait until you're fucking 60, 30 years from now, then you will be grateful for how you look" uh, ok. a guy i work with is 30 and for the longest time i thought this guy was my age (20) or a college student or something. maybe it's the way he acts and carries himself. he does fortnite dances at work and acts so goofy and geeky. no one there takes him seriously. no one takes me seriously either, because of how young i look. it sucks. i don't look manly i look like a 16 year old skater/pot head. at work two co workers were cursing and my manager told them to hush and he pointed at me (as if i'm some young kid who shouldn't be hearing such obscene language). i don't think he wanted me to notice he did that but i did unfortunately. people find it hard to believe that i've ever gotten laid (to all the women that gave me a chance, thanks ) or it i can do certain tasks on my own. idk basically you just get treated like a child. i wish i had broad shoulders and a beard and thick forearms and stuff like other guys my age. tbh i honestly am so obsessed with how other men look now. i pay so much attention to their wider bodies and muscular structure and facial hair. their big hands and overall manly aura. i am not sexually attracted or anything (though i think i'm a closet guy more and more daily) i just wish i had their features, all that confidence. i'm a little boy. and probably will look like one forever. i can see why women like men. not boys like me but men. why some chicks prefer older dudes. they seem like they have everything figured out and are just physically 'complete ' and mature. me, well i'm a fucking tad pole.	0
my depression has gotten way better over this last year. and reddit has helped me loads! please take time out of your day to read my story! thank you i'm happy to say that after using this app for 1 year today, my life has changed. i've made really good friends whom i cherish and love. i've been welcomed into community's and felt part of something. and also been given direct content consumption that is hard to find anywhere else, taking my mind of some of my real life traumas. during this past year reddit has helped me find out about myself, ask for advice on certain things - which led me to speaking to a doctor and now i take anti depressants which has helped my depression so much. i was in such a dark spot a year ago today, and reddit has helped me out of that hole. if your suffering. things get better. my dms are open if anyone wants to talk or just need a friend. here's to many more years on reddit!	3
yeah im a loser loser o s e r	0
damn do i have to delete all the nudes in my secret calculator app when i turn 18 thats fucked up man they were some bangin pics tho	2
yoo a dutch celebrity said everything above 6.69 inches is big i'm safe virgins she said 17 cm, i did the maths and it was 6.69 inches lamoo	0
homeless but the m is silent its so hard to find motivation to get out of bed in the morning	2
i think i got a compliment today today my summer weightlifting class started. the class is at 6am so i think i was dying from so much yawning lmao i was the first one there tho :) anyway so the class starts and since it's at 6 there's only like 8 people in the class (or the others didn't show up) and there's 7 guys and one girl so the class starts we get done with the warm up and we start doing our individual thing and the girl out of no where slaps my ass. so, after she's done she's like "damn, we're you flexing?" and i said no and she was like "your new nickname is buns of steel" lmao so that's how i got my new nickname. overall, class was pretty nice (except for the waking up at 5 part someone save me)	4
reacting to a six-year-old break-up message from my ex i was scrolling through my facebook feed today, and was surprised to see that my ex is now in a relationship with someone i went to school with. i was surprised because she unfriended me years ago, and i never expected to see her on my feed again. may be worth noting that i don't have any feelings for her anymore, but it was a bit of a nasty break-up. this catapulted me into nostalgic territory and so i decided to revisit our messages and remember exactly why we broke up. i was several hundred messages deep when i accidentally 'surprise' reacted to a message of hers. i immediately removed the react but i'm so paranoid that she's online and received the notification anyway. now my heart is in my throat, how bad does it look to be reading break-up messages six years after your high school fling tl;dr facebook wants to ruin me by making it too easy to react to messages when just reading through.	4
haha i'm so tired of boys just expecting me to fuck them like nothing so i put my foot down and asked for a date but you know i guess i'm only good enough for takeout, a movie and smoking in bed so it'll definitely lead to sex last time i saw this guy we smoked and fucked in his car. he wants to smoke and have sec again. tried doing the right thing for myself but i guess i'm not worth it	12
haven't started on my holiday homework and tmr is the last day of my holiday period i'm so fucked she you later virgins	0
who wants to troll kids on msp with me i'll be on the uk server so you must come with me umm yeah, pm me if you're down	19
just ate sushi im so bored bro omg	18
i think my father wants to keep me in a cage. everytime i keep telling him that i will study outside, he just listens to me and doesn't comment. it's like he wants to keep me under his control. even my mother keeps convincing him that he has to start moving (process visas and other documents) he just says we still have time. when time passes by, he will then tell us that there is no more time. last year, my mother and i wanted to travel to a european country (we haven't traveled outside in more than a decade), my dad said he would process the visas. so we waited for a month to see what would happen. we had dinner that evening and we asked him about progress. he said that it was too late to apply for the visas. my mother cried and didn't even eat dinner with us so she went to her room. my dad got pissed about her crying and just left the house after eating and praying. i really want to go to the uk, i have an amazing life ahead of me and my father is blockading me from achieving it. he keeps telling me that i will study here and get a car immediately. fuck the car. i want to also note that, every fucking time i ask him that me and my mother want to travel outside, he would suggest that we visit a third world country as a joke. i am not discriminating or expressing hate towards poor nations, but my father knows that we will decline traveling to a less developed nation for vacation. he even smiles when he jokes around. for example: "dad, me and mom wanna travel. just the two of us, because we know you're busy with work." "where? 'less developed country?' " who do i seek help from if my father doesn't do anything? this is my last year as a high school student, and i don't know where my future will be headed towards. if i stay here, i am guaranteed to be a slave to my father and his step wife's family (they inherit most of the wealth due to the red book) if i end up staying here to study, should i face him with my fists? i apologize for my grammar and if this is the wrong sub to post.	1
okay google never works for me i'm trans and i'm re-training my voice and i sound so inconsistent that google voice keeps ignoring me because it doesn't recognize my voice, so i have to awkward raise or lower the pitch and mess with the timbre until it recognises my voice all the more motivation to work on it i guess. i wanna live in the cool search future!	1
saying 'ur mom' is so funny lmaooo got the whole squad laughing #sheahah hhahesh	7
replying to snap story from a girl i went on one date with. so, this one is a little lightweight compared to some of the other stories but i do cringe whenever this comes to mind. also, this did happen a few months ago, not today. a little back story, this girl was someone i had an english class with for the fall semester of 2017 and i had a bit of a thing for her so i started talking her up, i asked for her number and we talked a little from there. we had similar political views and other things in common so we decided to go out for sushi. it was a nice date, nothing spectacular. come to the end of it, i say we should do this again and she seemed down. however, she ghosted me afterwards; it was a little annoying but not a big deal, i moved on. couple months later she moves a few hours north. so this is where the cringe comes in. one evening while i was at work, she posted to her story that she was eating at this restaurant in the city she moved to and it just so happened that it was one of my favorite restaurants i've ever been to. so, i respond to her story saying "that place is the best in the world," or something of the sort. she responded with "yeah it's great!" i decided to say something like, "yeah i've gone there so many times in the past." to which she said, "really? you should come up sometime!" i was like, wait a minute...is she asking me to come up and see her? i mean, i'd be lying if i said it didn't slightly peak my interest a tad. so i replied, "yeah! i'm sure i can find sometime in the near future to do so." now, this is where the cringe is. this is what she said, "oh crap, i thought i was talking to one of my other friends but yeah, you could come up too!" i sat back after i saw that. i wasn't hurt. i wasn't upset. i just could not get over that lingering awkwardness that i felt after reading that message. so yeah, that's my story of the peak cringe moment in my life so far. like i said, not as intense as others on here but i still think it's worthy in its own right. tl;dr responded to a girl's snap chat story whom i went on one date with in the past, thought she wanted me to come up and see her, turns out she thought she was talking to another friend.	1
thanks for ruining my chances at a girlfriend, 2020 i really appreciate it (sample text so aut0m0d doesn't yeet and delete this)	6
my best friend is dating my crush... i don't want pity, or "get over it, it's not the end of the world", i just want to know what to do, or advice on girls, idfk, now, this best friend, is an awesome dude, and he didn't even know that this girl is my crush, so i don't want to stop being friends with him, and they are very happy together. at this point, i don't care if any of them somehow realises that this is me saying that, cuz i'm pretty sure she knows i like her, so i just want to know what to do. this sub has always helped me feel better, so just, do whatever.	3
i am very chubbylicious. yes. i am very very chobbyboi. so chobby that if i hit you with my tummy, you will call your mummy.	16
rest in peace etika his last video is one of the saddest things ever and it's a shame he had to go out so young.	2
i (27 f) do not think i will ever get over the father of my kids(28 m) so. many years ago when i was young and stupid, i fell completely head over heels for a guy friend. it was love at first sight, googlie eyed, cannot stop thinking about you, stuttering when i talk to you, torturously longing for you love. we became friends and spent most days together while i silently dreamed of the day we would be together. this went on for a year or so. we both dated other people and i just pretended to not be deeply in love with this guy, until one night of drinks and teenage stupidity lead to us both confessing our secret admirations to each other. i was above cloud nine. we lived in this elevated dream world where nothing else existed but us for a few months. things got super serious super fast. we traveled the country and experienced new towns and mountains and foods and drugs and people and everything amazing together. our love was deep and exciting. everything was glorious and intense. when things were good, they were so good......but when things were bad....i was left feeling like a shell of a human. in this fast and intense love i didn't even notice i had completely lost myself. i lost my friends, i lost my unique identity. we got rocky. on and off horrible break ups and make ups. he would leave for other girls as i was left crying and alone. and i went back every time. after about 3 years i finally had enough. i left him. we didn't speak or see each other for almost a whole year. and my life was fantastic. i built myself back up and felt wonderful. then, we ran into each other. and i immediately fell back into my old pattern. we traveled and adventures just like the old days. everything seemed wonderful. he had cleaned up his act and helped me get my head on straight. i truly thought things were great. i quickly got pregnant, and then pregnant again... things quickly went down hill. i had no friends, no job, no car. i was left hone alone with the children and made to feel insignificant. his life grew and improved and eventually he disappeared. it took seven years for me to realize what a horribly abusive relationship i had been in. i finally grew up the courage to pick myself up and see him for what he was. a narcissist, emotionally abusive ass. we have been broken up and coparenting our kids for almost three years now. things are pretty great between us and our kids are happy, healthy and loved. i have the world's most supportive/loving/caring/hilarious/insightful/amazing boyfriend ever. but. i am still in love with my ex. it is sick and wrong and i don't understand how. it takes hearing one song that reminds me of good times we had to throw me into a downward spiral of heart ache. i am in therapy and trying to work through it, but there is always that tiny voice in the back of my head wishing our family could be one. what do i do?? how do i eat my heart to understand that he is no good for me??	4
my crush said yes to me! i've had my crush on my friend for 8 months, and i've known her since 6th grade. recently, i confessed my feelings to her, and she said she's had a crush on me for a while too. we will be starting 8th grade together as a couple instead of friends	3
i am losing my perception of time i woke up at 1pm today and now it's 3pm and sun is already starting to set.	19
men ain't shit and by men i'm referring to only one person please do not attack	2
why do people do stuff that they know will hurt you. well this is gonna be long and all over place . ugh wth. okay. i've been talking to this guy for like a long long time,like 1 and a half year. and he's been dating this one girl for like 1 and a half year too. ngl, i always thought he was cool, and from the very beginning i wanted to be friends with him. well even when he was dating her we'd talk all the time, uk like a bestfriend talk. i never liked him more than a friend. even if i wanted to, i couldn't, he had a gf. and for me liking a taken guy is just a big no. but his gf always thought i liked him, and at some point she texted me and was like, b*** stop talking to my mans. i was like lmao if u think i like him, i'm just gonna tell u this rn, i don't, but if that makes u happy, fine i'll stop. we'd still text,call and hangout occasionally, not that much anymore tho. he had a pretty messed up life,it was all over place and he'd always rant to me,and i'd always be there for him. and it was something his gf never did. well a month ago they broke up. it kinda was a secret ish tho,and i didn't know about it till like 2 days later until one of my friends told me. soo the next day i had to stay home from school cuz i had to watch my brother. and then he texts me, and he's like want me to come by? and i was like yess, if you can. and he was like ye i can. so then he came over and we talked and hung out and stuff. oh and at some point his ex texted him telling him she misses him, and i saw that, and i was like text her back, but he didn't. and after he left, he texted me and told me it was nice seeing me. a week later and we still talked and called each other every night, i ruined my frickin sleep schedule because of him. we'd stay up talking till like 2 sometimes 3, when next morning we had school. and then one night at like 12 he like texts me, and he starts like asking all these questions and like telling me stuff. long story short i told him that i was kinda maybe starting to like him. i knew i shouldn't be doing that, but i still did. it just felt so right, but deep down wrong at the same time. i was thinking, what if he's doing this just so he can embarrass me in front of my friends(we r kinda in the same friend group),or so he can just prove to him self that he can still get girls after he broke up w his gf, or so he can be like ha i knew u liked me, even tho i literally didn't. but still i told him. he was like i want to ask you something,and i was like okayhh,but then he said he'd do it in person and i was like okayyy. he never did it tho lmao. i trusted him with a lot of stuff, but i guess i shouldn't have. next day we were kinda awkward. but then he texted me and was like are you alright? and i was like yaaa. so everyday after that we hung out at school and just were talking as usual. but then one day i find out he doesn't even have my name in his phone, it just shows my phone number. and i was like wow. so u want me to trust you with all these things, but u don't even have my name in ur contacts. he didn't say anything to that, he just asked me what his name was on my phone. and then i was like whatever and just let it go. before that he was clearly throwing some hints that he liked me tho,but i guess he was just playing. a couple days after my ex texted me and told me he misses me, and i told him about it. he started asking questions about it and wanted to know who it was. i didn't tell him. then one day we were just sitting and scrolling through my instagram feed and he was like give me your phone so i did and he put his finger print on it. mind you he was still occasionally hanging out with his ex, which kinda had me alarmed. two days later i stopped texting him, and didn't answer his calls because i didn't like where that whole thing was going. and i guess i did the right thing, because yesterday i found out that they were just "taking a break" and are probably gonna get back together soon. so i texted him and i was like i heard u two r getting back together soon. and he was like who told you that. and i was like well it seems to be true, so why does it matter who told me that. and he was like idkkk. and that's when i really knew it was true. and i was like i'm happy for you guys. and he was like r you sure? and i was like yess,why wouldn't i be. if she makes you happy that's all that matters. but i gtg now, so bye. lmao i cried, a lot. i knew i shouldn't have trusted him. i told him how much i hate it when people lie, but he still lied to mee. but lmao, good luck charlie, she cheated on you twice already and you still don't know, so have fun w ur cheating gf:) i hope he realizes how badly he hurt me lmao. even tho this seems like nothing, it kinda is to me rn. so yaaa loll. but i'm mentally over it now. from now on no talking and expressing feelings when it isn't necessary,just observing thank youu for reading if you did.	1
omg someone just asked me if i was famous wow i guess that means i am better than you ^(okay i'm not famous just let me be the little bitch i am)	0
should i (21f) end my online friendship (19m) okay so i'd like to say that this isn't complicated but it definitely feels that way i guess i'll just jump in. so christmas day last year i re-downloaded a dating app and i decide to just message some guys and take a chance on love. only 1 guy messaged me back "a".he surprised me, i never had such a connection with anyone romantically both online or in person. after maybe a week or so we actually started skyping each other! at 21 i've never been in a relationship and honestly it's pretty hard for me to imagine a real relationship with anyone. but i started to feel like maybe it might work out with him. we do live several states away, but we talked and skyped almost everyday. he even found himself telling me he loved me! but in february he doesn't message me as much which i figured he gets busy. not a big deal. and like true millennials we followed each other on every social media. so in february i start to notice he posted a lot with a female friend "l". i know she's one of his best friends so it's not strange except they seem more romantic than previous post.... and he had told me they had tried to be together in the past and she just never wanted a relationship with him. so my anxiety takes over and i think maybe their together but i also got paranoid that i was just afraid of having something real with him. so i make him this valentines video and tell him i want a relationship which i previously said i just wanted to get to know him. but on valentine's day i didn't get a message from which was weird, so i decided i shouldn't send the video until he messaged me and plus i was working ect... i get off of work at 9 my time and decide to check my snapchat. and you know what i saw him on " the best date in the world" with who? yep l. i instantly become year broken. and not within 10 minutes of him posting that he texts me: happy valentine's day! i was so angry i blocked him and his number on everything except instagram. so a few months past and i get a random dm from who else other than a. he apologized to me said that he was going through a hard time with his parents she broke up with her boyfriend. ( which she had the whole time we were talking) and he just didn't want to hurt me. which we weren't in a relationship. ( i had never been in a relationship and didn't want to jump into anything and he had a bad relationship in the best and agreed) i was more hurt that instead of telling me the truth he lead me on than the fact that he was in a relationship with l. i tell him that and i felt like everything he told me was a lie which he kept reassuring me wasn't. but i decided to forgive him because i think he's truly a amazing guy who made a mistake. this girl was not only his best friend but his dream girl and i said i didn't want a relationship and lived several states away. so who was to be angry and resentful at him? plus i had honestly started talking to other people. we agree to be friends. we talk pretty regularly and he's still with l so strictly just friendly. but honestly i was hoping maybe he'd decide to be with me. his relationship with l is up and down and he pretty much hits me up whenever their not doing good a.k.a. broken up. but honestly he doesn't want a relationship with me and she's still a big part of his life. we have more of a fwb in my view and honestly i just feel like it's damaging. i am constantly not moving on because of him and he's made it clear he doesn't want a relationship with me. and i find myself thinking why am i still here?( in this friendship) he's hurt me.lied. and he clearly will always choose her over me. plus he's in a bad place in his life. so maybe i should just end it with him? tl;dr: i'm in a damaging relationship with my online friend and am wondering if i should just dump him?	1
i am a female and i have a massive dick sorry guys don't be jealous i'm just gifted	0
so...a member of the parliament was caught stealing a sandwich. this happened where i live. chicken shaped country called slovenia. before he resigned he quoted: *" i was not stealing. it was a social experiment. i know what i did was wrong and i apologize to the public,storeworkers and other members of the parlament for my behavior. even though i paid for the sandwich afterwards i will still resign"* i mean come on. a sandwich?	1
supp fam! new here i wish i came here earlier coz im almost 17 but whatever, i read some of your threads and memes and loved it. so yeah happy to be part of the big family of teenage bois!	0
is he just a cheater or is it something more serious? i just had the worst breakup ever. i f[27] had been with my boyfriend [m31] for 4 years. he had to go away on business for a few months. from like april- early july. while he was away i pretty much took care of his mother and step father. they're older and live with him. and his stepfather has a terrible memory. he may ask you a question he just asked you about 10 minutes later. anyways i helped them fly home to costa rica, bonded with his son and helped them speak on the phone with him while he was out of town. when he came home, everything changed. everyone started to be cold to me. it was like, i wasn't really welcome in his home anymore. i'd be there everyday but he like didn't want his parents to even know i was there. it was so bizarre. as months passed we argued like a lot about everything. i felt myself being shut out and pushed away. there was nothing i could do. i was kind to everyone. i did everything i could to make him happy but still it was like i wasn't welcome. one day i noticed his son unfollowed me on instagram. i know not a big deal for some but for me it just..... bothered me. we had a big argument and he told me his life isn't my business and he broke up with me. after he dumped me, i had a night out with my sister and some friends. he watched us all night on snapchat so i was thinking "if he cares what i'm doing so much.... what's his problem?" we didn't speak. i didn't try and reach out or anything. around mid december we started back talking, being really friendly and hanging out a lot. he messaged me if i wanted to hang out at his home before he went to his dj gig. it was short notice and he lives like 45 minutes away and i wouldn't have made it in time. so he told me he'd text me after but warned it'd be about 3am when he was done and he may be tired. around 2:45 am he texted me that i could come by tomorrow because he was tired. (understandable..... i guess ). so the next day i didn't hear anything from him. i texted him and asked him did he still want me to come over. he said he had an allergic reaction(down there) supposedly from soap he used. i called him later and he was yelling at me saying how he's told me over and over he broke out down there from soap. saying mean things like "you sound like a broken record" i asked him why he even invited me over and he said because he wanted me there but he has "too much sh** goin on. "that same night i saw him on his insta live. i had started to view his lives from my cousins account so he wouldn't know i even watched. he was just sitting there alone talking with his viewers but you could hear a family party happening in the background. he stayed on his live for hours. which was bizarre. because you're not doing anything and not hanging out with anyone so....what was the issue? did he really not feel well? a week later i was viewing one of his lives and he answered a facetime on live. it was clearly a girl. and it was a brief conversation. he answered a viewers question saying she isn't his girlfriend and that she's a girl dating his friend. i didn't buy it. i called him and he told me he's not seeing her and that she is seeing his friend. he told me he doesn't have a reason to lie to me because we aren't together. yeah whatever. a few days later. he's on his live and someone calls and he tells them "oh you can just come in"..... 10 minutes later you hear a door open and a girls voice saying joyfully "hiiii" and then his female viewers started asking him is that his girlfriend..... she wasn't on the camera she was sitting on the side. so she didn't see the questions but he answered "no". in a way where she wouldn't know he just told everyone she isn't his girlfriend. and then after being pressed he finally said "guys this could be a family member or anything, you guys are assuming things". he ended up saying her name and it was the same girl he just lied to me and told me was dating his friend. i told him that he did lie to me. and he acted macho as if he never lied to me and he made it seem like i was crazy for knowing her name (he told me earlier). i could hear her laughing in the background. and saying he should get a restraining order for me. he said "that's my next step". i wanted to save myself the time. take my pain from betrayal and just stop. i hung up. blocked him on everything. and he messaged me on whatsapp (forgot to block him there cause i barely use it). he told me pretty much, i couldn't ever visit with his parents knowing once he came home because his mother doesn't like me. i told him she used me because if she didn't like me, she didn't have to accept all of my help. or be nice to me and he only said that they didn't use me and she was nice because i was nice to her. he said he doesn't have a girlfriend. but is sleeping with someone else. when i asked who he said "someone". i said so your mother will allow any girl to walk through her front door but i wasn't allowed? and he said "yes because it's you" and harshly told me "my mom doesn't like you!". i went off on him and then he messaged me i hope now you see why things are the way they are (in regards to me going off on him). i told him i really didn't care anymore and he told me to grow up. that was the end. i was devastated and so confused. i'd never done anything to his family. the only thing i've done to him was stand up for myself. his mother treats him like he's gods gift and i just value myself just as much. i wouldn't allow myself to be treated like i was less than or that he was too good for me. and i didn't let him walk all over me. and didn't drool over him like other girls. so if that's so bad then i'm guilty but i think relationships should be equal. the first few days i ended up looking at that girl from his lives facebook. i found out she is only 19!!!!. i then noticed on his social media that he now treats her like a "fan". i had even seen her on one of his lives drooling over him and he wasn't giving her the attention he once was.... typical. he follows random girls everyday all day on social media. i noticed his step dad still viewed my insta stories so i blocked him from my social media. if they hate me so much, i need to keep up with what i'm doing. so after days of no contact..... i find myself wondering.... did he have someone serious, is he just a player, or is it because his mother hates me. was he ever looking for something serious? what's that mean when he says he has too much going on? his social media doesn't even show that he has a significant other.... just that he follows a lot of girls. i was and am still so confused because he's always on his lives alone saying he's single, only mentions his one kid and doesn't appear to even have anyone he'll admit to talking to. so it's like what the heck is going on. i feel so hurt and betrayed by his family. i can't help but wonder if his mother really hates me or if he made that up. i've stopped viewing his lives completely. but i still feel so lost. tl;dr my boyfriend started treating me bad saying because his family hates me..... is that a cop out ?	11
penis person, and 5688 days old ama	6
does anyone else get nervous or anxious to post on reddit? there are tons of things i'd love to share, but i watch so many people get speared. i'm posting here, because it was suggested as a good way to start. the anxiety of people i don't know slamming me is stressful. just wondering if anyone else felt this way or did in their lurker-only days?	1
i just finished with my first real driving lesson. now, i've driven a car once before. i won't bore you with the details but it was about 10 years ago and i haven't been behind the wheel since then. cut to about 30 minutes ago and my mom asked me if i wanted to hop behind the wheel so i could get a feel for it. i feel kind of embarrassed, being 26 and not actually knowing how to drive and i know i was messing up quite a bit, but it felt really nice to actually be able to drive and have someone tell me like, "this is what you have to do. this is what you should work on." turns kept stumping me because my mind was reverting to like...mario kart driving and i was kind of just barely turning the wheel wondering why i wasn't sending up sparks as i flew around curves. how did your first driving experience go? any near accidents or funny stories to go with it?	11
who's the horniest of them all? you know technically, it's a statistical fact that for any given activity, one person in a population has done it more than anyone else. so that means that someone on r/ teenagers has jerked off more than anyone else. i mean out of 1.3 million of us, what is the high score? one person has bust more nuts than the other 99% of us. he could be among us right now	10
my (21f) boyfriend (23m) called me a hoe by accident and won't say sorry. we have dated for 2 years. so basically we were texting on night and he started messaging me the lyrics to "hold on, were going home" by drake. he usually listens to music and sends the lyrics as they happen. he also tends to change the lyrics to my name. well he was texting me lyrics last night during a conversation and said "just hold on we're going hoe". the real lyric for anyone who doesn't know is "just hold on we're going home" i got upset and said "i'm not a hoe..." he just responded with "home" * i told him that wasn't funny and to say sorry. suddenly he got really serious and was like "it was just a typo. i wouldn't call you a hoe babe" i said my feelings were hurt and i wanted an apology for real now. he sent me the link "in my feelings" by drake and stopped responding. what do i do? i don't like how he won't say sorry for this. tldr : boyfriend typo insults me. refuses to say sorry.	1
technically, nbp is now gay because he's a mod. we lost a brother today	14
because an automatic toilet swallowed my car keys 4 hours from home so i was in the middle of an 8 hour drive home from ky to md. zero traffic, wide awake, doing great. i grab gas and use the toilet at the halfway point at a sheetz around midnight. i thought my key fob was in my coat pocket, which was hung up on the door, but apparently it was in my pants pocket. the moment i turn around, i notice my key in the toilet bowl. before i could grab it, the key gets forcefully flushed by the automatic flush. i stood there in shock. i'm still in shock. i have work at 9am, and i won't be home until then. now i'm stuck in a cold sheetz waiting for my father to bring my spare- who lives 3.5 hours away. i'm forever thankful he was willing and able to drive to me and do a 7 hour drive himself. happy new years, everyone . tldr; stranded at a sheetz 4 hours from home because a toilet ate my car keys	1
pee is stored in the balls	12
i just need something really bad or something a little good. where do i begin? life's been shit since idk ever since i can remember. from family psychological abuse to sexual abuse at work. to failing a semester to uni to two failed attempt at suicide. idk how much worse it can get. can't go back to uni cause i'm on probation. need a full time job but can't get hours therefore no money to even pay my rent and moving bac to my toxic family. tried applied to a bunch of (50+) full time positions with just simple tasks like receptionist. never get a call back. can't even fucking commit a proper suicide. i just don't know what 2019 is gonna bring. nothing brings me joy. i hate this life. i hate living this life. nothing seems to be going even a bit better than yesterday. just broke up with my super successful and supportive boyfriend b/c seeing him get everything in life make me a bit jealous of him. at the same time i can't burden him with my shits anymore. i hurt him really bad just so he stops messaging me. i don't really know where i'm going with this. i just really hope i get a job soon. or i just really wish i succeed in my next suicide attempt. most people look at my life on instagram and think it's the perfect life. sees a fit girl that has the perfect part time job and goes to one of the best uni in the country. only if they knew i m only "fit" b/c i have a severe eating disorder, that my body is cover in scars from self harm. only if they knew my school is going to shit. the irony is my major is mental health. so many people come to me to talk b/c am a good listener and apparently i give decent advice. how is it that i can help everyone but myself? i hate this. god i just wish i died. i just can't do this anymore. the only thing that remotely stops me is my mom. i love her. she lost a girl before about 20 years ago and she's still messed up from it. if i take my own life i know my mom would prob just die as well. sorry just ranting. if you're reading this thank you for taking the time to read it.	3
1 upvote = 3 push-ups i'm trying to find motivation	4
girl invited me to swim with her for a date,,, idk what to do i can make conversation over dinner or coffee all day but in a pool idrk how to act lol help me pls	1
everybody talking about headphones, but no one talking about high quality sony bass boosted ear buds for only $30 not an add, just like those earbuds cause they don't look tacky, have the same experience as most headphones, and are easier to carry then headphones. it's basically the same experience, maybe better. earbud gang	0
14/f ask me questions :) if u want to know stuff about me here u go: -i'm rlly tall -i'm a freshman -i really like photography and i think i'm pretty okay at it -ask!!!	13
i'm just gonna be totally honest if you're 17 or older male dm me i want a daddy and i want attention	2
calling my now ex fat never loose weight like the title says i fucked up really good. my ex started working out recently to lose weight. and i recently subscribed to /r/fatpeoplehate and i found out my true colour. it began yesterday. we were talking about her weight now and she didn't want to tell me and i got a bit pissed of because i wanted to know it. and i called her fat. she got so angry that she came right after work to my place(i live alone) and took everything from her. i got her convinced that she didn't had to do all of that. and it was back okay. and today i really fucked up. this morning around 11am i was texting her and she suddenly said to me to fuck off. no explanation or anything. then i got her convinced to tell me what was wrong. she told me that i was on /r/gonewild and that i upvoted posts there and even commented what was true. and i got annoyed by that, if i even can't look at those hot chicks i mean what's wrong with that? doesn't matter she got really angry and i got annoyed and called her fat again and if she would loose weight i hadn't any reason to look at that sub. she didn't understand and got angry and made me even more annoyed and i called her fat again and told her to start working out more. she called me psychopath and that i'm crazy and i need to respect her and keep my promises. i then fucked up by telling that i wanted to unpromis all of the promises. she got angry and said that's not normal and shit like that. i fucked up further by telling her she should better not change subject and looe weight. well she became very angry and send me a lot of hate messages and i called her then and i was all the time calm and laughing at everything because i thought we were both joking and shit like that because that happens more often. she said she was preparing her self make up and shit and would come over to my place to take everything that was hers. well she came by while i was showering and came in the shower with my phone and i had to explain her how to delete all the photos because i'm using android and she is used to iphone. then when i was done showering i let her delete the last photo's that i had of her. she took the laptop her clothes her stuff make up and all what was hers. well i fucked up and i don't have a pc anymore. my ex stole everything i had i came back in an empty apartment and she stole also my laptop and tv and name it. now my now ex took her laptop back because i couldn't afford one right now. i'm now without a pc without a laptop just my phone and my stuff i got. well i fucked up and i'm beginning next month with my new education for medical to be a male nurse in a er department. well i don't know what to say now. i fucked up. tl;dr: i fucked up gf broke up with me and i lost her and the laptop what is really a pain in the ass there goes my /r/pcmasterrace i hope you guys understand this and don't come with the hate of people who don't like fat people. it's not that i don't like people who are fat i have a lot of fun with them and to hang out with them but they should do something about their weight. well enough said. i fucked up and have no aid in the world no family no gf no support that's a bitch edit: i can't change it in the title but thank you for pointing it out to me that i misspelled lose as loose. english is not my first language but i try thank you /u/hairy_onions	14
help this lonely person celebrate there 13th bday this sunday you probably don't really care but i'm pretty lonely at school and my bday is this sunday so all i wish is to be noticed so please just wish me a happy birthday maybe	19
i actually went to the gym 8 times this month and got my bonus rewards! i normally have gone 1-4 times a month since i got my membership in may, but this month (past two weeks actually) i've gone double that and broke my weight loss plateau! i'm so proud of myself. just wanted to share. this year has been so difficult and i think next year will start off right and positive. sending everyone happy vibes	3
how do you all decide which books to keep and which to give away/sell? how do you manage your collection? title says all! i'm sorta stuck in a way. on average i read one book every week to week and a half, and unfortunately i have limited space, only one room in an apartment. i also tend to have an aversion to things like bookshelves because i don't like things collecting dust. i have bunnies and dust and fur get all over my stuff so i prefer easy tidying. on top of this i also prefer to not have a lot of "stuff". when i have a lot of things, or at least things that are maybe unorganized/not necessary, i get mental clutter and then i sorta fail at doing life things. but then i go, "well i really enjoyed this book and i paid x amount for it (usually on average like $20 because i buy new) so i might wanna read it again". but then.. i'm gonna have a build up of so many books see my problem? i suppose that ebooks would be a solution but i'm old school and to me it's really just not the same at all and i can't get on board. anyone have this issue? how do you guys choose which books to keep and which to get rid of? how do you get rid of them? i like giving back to the community so i've considered donating maybe to schools and/or libraries. let's get a discussion going!!	1
i'm bored hi, i just woke up and i have to go to work. it's a long way to go 1-2hrs. i'm really bored, please someone talk to me	4
just what's going through my head and i tipped this all on my phone so it's not going to be the best. gn hi it's 11 at night i have my last day of school tomorrow and i could go to summer school which is scary bc my parents ar going to beat me, i'm going to a new school with a few friends i have no live, i have over 700 hours on bo4 some of my best friends i will never see again it's sad i hope i make new friends at my new school i'm scared but excited, i don't talk and everybody makes school shooter jokes and it pisses me of, some how i'm now depressed but i'm sure it will kick in in high school this year was slow but fast i'm sad hopefully i will make friends in the 4 years that i'm there, i'm not planning on going to college, i will be driving my freshman year before everyone else my clack day is the same as my birthday, the school is really big, i'm probably going in to carpentry, graphic design. i get to try all the shops for one day. for summer vacation i might go to italy or something like that. all i do is sit in my room all day and play video games and do nothing. over the summer i'm also taking oil panting classes bc i have to, it was ether that or soccer in 90 degrees weather, i'm scared but excited so many things are going trough my head rn and idk what to do i might fail english and spanish, and i have never got below a c+ on my report card. i'm super anxious to see my report card tomorrow to see if i have to go to summer school or not, i can't sleep so so so many emotions are going through my head rn and i just want to scream but i can't. i look retarted and have never had a gf. the most action i have ever had was when i had to work on a project i'm also very excited about mw it looked so cool, i can't wait to play the campaign and see how realistic it is, and i know people in high school wear adidas so i got an adidas hat, hoodie, pants, and shoes i have so many emotions rn i scant think straight and i could probably look at a wall for hours. someone send help.	12
if you comment on this post i will upvote your profile as much as possible. just wanna share the love	3
bf [22m] enjoys going out and drinking frequently and i do not [21f]. this is a reoccurring issue and i'm nervous it will just keep growing and could potentially end our relationship hi everyone! this is my first time posting so please cut me some slack if it's not the best quality so my boyfriend [22m] and i [21f] are going on about 6 months of dating, we're both seniors in college and we've talked about the future extensively... we've both expressed that this relationship is special and different than any other ones we've been in, so i'd say we're pretty serious! recently, though, i've been like obsessing over the fact that he loves to go out and drink and, i get it, we're in college, but it's like when i do go with i usually don't have a good time (because it's always with his friends at what i consider "boring" bars) but when i stay back and do my own thing i so left out. this has been going on since we started dating and back then i'd just force myself to go and try to convince myself that i will have fun, but that just got exhausting. sidenote: a litte about me, i workout very frequently and try to refrian from drinking because it's just not good when you're trying to work towards a goal!! additionally, i am asain so i lack a certain enzyme which disables me from being able to process alcohol like most people (aka "asian glow"). so yeah, when i drink i get very hot and red in the face and my heart beats very fast. i also break out in hives sometimes soooo yeah, all in all drinking is not the most fun for me!! (don't get me wrong i do love to go out and have a good time but i don't see the point in doing 3-4 a week) additionally, i am very type a and i have been struggling with depression and anxiety. my bf has been super supportive and understanding when it comes to mental health issues but i can't help but let it get the best of me sometimes. so back to the situation, i choose to go out when i'm feeling it but have tried to just focus on me and try to do things that make me happy and not left out while he's out. this has been alright, it's just hard to "do things" from 10pm-3am? i've recently started driving uber/lyft and changing my workout schedule to late at night. i was hoping that these two things would make me happy (making some extra cash and having the gym to myself) but i just can't shake the thought that i'm still not "happy" and since he doesn't really invite me out anymore i just feel like shut out of that part of his life. the anxious person in me is freaking out that this can only just push us apart more. maybe he'll start enjoying the lack of my presence more and more and realize he'd rather be with someone that fits better with his lifestyle??? and yes, we have talked about this multiple times. it usually just starts a fight and he says he's not going to stop going out to hang out with his friends (which is not what i dislike!!!! i love that he gets to see his buddies and have fun) and i'm just stuck exactly where i started. also, yes i know i've been told "just go to bed" but it's like we live seperately, basically a block away, and so if i do stay home i just know there's a chance i won't see him for awhile. we both naturally stay up late late so why should i go to bed when i'm not tired and i know that i won't see him that night and possibly all day the next day? ugh okay, i'm sorry for the word vomit!! in a nutshell, i guess i'm just asking, have any of you experienced "fomo" (fear of missing out) and being insecure about your relationship because your differing lifestyles? i feel like i can't fully explain myself so i'll answer any questions that can help more accurately convey the situation. tl;dr my bf goes out way more than i would like to and we have fought about this numerous times. i want him to have fun but i can't help but feel super left out, nervous, and falling into cognitive distortions like jumping to conclusions and convincing myself that he doesn't care about me. is this just me? how do i get over this? /r/anxiety /r/relationship_advice	9
racist people are blacktose intolerant if you're blacktose intolerant, get outta here, buster	16
i don't know what to do. [17m/16f] i've been talking to a girl for over a year already, i told her already how i feel about her and she didn't like me back and got a bf after a while so i stopped talking to her for a while until i her posting saying life sucks and all that and since i still had strong feelings for her i started talking to her again but not as much until my friend tells her how much i love her and that she should give me a chance. i had no idea he did this until i told him i still talk to her sometimes. as time passes we start getting hella close and my friends say that she probably likes me but i just had a feeling she didn't but they kept telling to that she does so i just ignored my gut. today i was supposed to meet up with her before my baseball practice only to not see her. i go to practice thinking she just stayed after summer school and forgot. well after practice i go on social media and see that she posted someones profile with captions saying feels, live stuff and all that. i was crushed but friends kept telling me she only posted random stuff on her spam but i went with my gut this time and asked her in a joking way "are you stalking your manz? " and like my gut told me she said yes and that why she didn't meet up with me cuz she took a different route to stalk him. i was crushed obviously cuz i spent hella time with her thinking she really did feel something back but at the same time my gut was always telling me. my friends is telling me to tell her i love her one last time and then just cut her off but i know that won't change anything and i can't bare to see her reply with a i'm sorry but i just don't feel the same way like last time. what do you guys think i should do? tl;dr i find out the girl i was talking to and thought liked me back is interested in someone else.	1
i'm eating waffles for lunch	0
can i get help finding the title of a book i read as a child? i read this book in the 90s, i would say probably 97 or 98. it wasn't new at the time or anything; i found it deep in the shelves of my grade school library. it was about dolls who lived in a dollhouse but would roam the house at night, i think? or they fought between two doll houses? either way, they came to life at night. i was probably in first grade when i read it so a lot of it is foggy to me. the cover has... a wooden dollhouse. this will probably be impossible to find	1
what's one of your favorite scenes/lines from the office? i personally love the scene where ryan is the vp and goes back to scranton and during a meeting in the conference room with the whole office and ryan asks kelly is she has a question and kelly goes "yea i have a lot of questions. number one, how dare you"	1
my friends birthday present so me and my friend joked about me buying her a dildo for her birthday, well i bought a dildo, anal lube and pink fluffy handcuffs, she has a strict polish father and a really nice mam, should be funny when they all arrive	1
being a femboy and straight guess who's never going to find love	1
i'm really struggling with my depression right now so i'm pulling from my self care tarot! i pulled connection. i'll pull for you. connect with me please. i need to chit chat for a bit.	6
i have full conversations with myself. does anyone else too? in those i talk to myself in plural as if i would plan something with someone else. that is literally the only way i can find solutions to complex problems. i am able to really argue sith myself and yesterday my autn entered my room without knocking and thought i was talking with a friend. i explaoned that i was planning something for uni (it was something for a project where i needed to manage a fake buissnes). i get reaaaly hyped up abput these conversations. i gove myself motovational speeches etc. i don't think it's weired but i wondered how many other people do this too (sry for any mistakes, i am currently at the doc and wearin protective goggles. i am not really seeing so well with those)	9
not to flex on you <16yos but i just drove somewhere by myself for the first time and had no problems	0
i upvote every post on this sub i also upvote every comment on my posts worship me mortals	0
got sucked on today stupid musquito	0
i am now an incel i have used reddit for a year and have been radicalize into fortnite bad minecraft good my only responses to people are reddit quotes now	2
i have a lot of boy friends no boyfriend tho	2
first day at a new school highlights 1. i had two panic attacks 2. i have a class with the person who led me towards my suicide attempt 3. tripped in public while walking up the stairs 4. almost knocked out with a basketball 5. sat alone at lunch and had old friends walk by and ignore me 6. rejected by a good friend when i asked her to homecoming life is going hella good	0
16 - 20 is real teenage years your still wet behind your ears at 16 i suggest you stop drinking tap water. why dont my generation see the agenda? only 1/4 of a 8th out of 100 people know what im saying. shyt i was a teen at 14 i started taking control of my life. and it wasn't good. its good now. still homless lol. but its good. i just said good 4 times and made you read it.	18
kinda sad no one has talked to me today like i had orientation at my job today and that was kinda exciting but it just sucks cause i haven't heard from any of my friends or my girlfriend i do be feeling alone	19
y'all complaining like... smh my head y'all complaining bout your virginity like teenagers ain't supposed to be virgins. virginity is a holy thing and should be appreciated you ain't gonna be proud when your uncle crawls all up on you smh	5
still can't get over the fact that my crush laughed over my jokes and smiled to me nothing else happened the entire night we hung out with our friends but whatever	4
listening to lil peep and drinking a martini after work is so relaxing i love it	3
we did it i asked my crush out, and she said no	12
not me falling for a 32 year old russian guy i know it's wrong but he's like so hot	15
when you be tryna get with your girl and she reject you after a while but everybody thinks yalls was a thing mission completed	0
my extroverted friends kept telling me to talk to more girls. then i was sexually assaulted. how the turn tables .	0
uh oh not good this girl just sent me a snap with the caption "hello " and she just hasn't opened my response for like 10 mins	5
i've been playing beast and the harlot on clone hero, but now just payed attention to the lyrics. jesus christ "there sat a seven-headed beast ten horns raised from his head symbolic woman sits on his throne but hatred strips her and leaves her naked the beast and the harlot she's a dwelling place for demons she's a cage for every unclean spirit, every filthy bird and makes us drink the poisoned wine to fornicating with our kings fallen now is babylon the great"	5
i don't have a personality.. at least i don't think i do lol so i am in high-school and ever since starting it, i have just been doubting that i am actually an interesting person. i had like 5 close friends, but they're all fading away from me. i don't know if it's because of me, if it's because i never was a good friend, or if it is because i was never really *their* friend.. it really bothers me to think about that. everyone other thanmy *class-mates*, say that i am an amazing, funny and lovely person. although i don't believe that now as much as i may have done before (despite that it still makes me feel nice ) back to my friends, all of them seem to find a new friend, who for some reason when they create a secure relationship with, they start picking on me saying that their new friend is better than me, and they say that they were never my friend. what the frick i played minecraft back in elementary with you how can you betray me like that... i am lost right now and i need any help i can get. i am not a bad person, i love my friends to bits, i just don't feel like they love me back as much :( on the other hand tho, one of my very, very old friends that left my school in 4th grade, came back this year and let me say... he changed so much! he's such a nice guy, and since transferring back he never said anything bad to me or anyone. the reason i'm mentioning him is because today while our class was in the ict lab, me and like 7 other guys including my old friend that came back (let's call him allen) were sitting around a table. so, you know how my class-mates like to pick on me, i still don't know why this is happening (i feel like the most hated person on the school ground right now) well there was this guy that started calling me shit like "homeless" and other shit because of my the way my hair looks (it's not curly or anything, it doesn't even look that bad), and the fact that i supposively come from a *poor country* in europe, so i was just sitting there minding my own shit, suddenly then, allen just begs me to go with him to his football club (most of my class-mates and many other students go to the same football club). now i don't like football, i've been to a club before and only went like 4 times, but just the way that he asked me so suddenly while i was going through shit made me feel so special, like just the fact that a guy in my class asked me to go to a football club with them, how can that happen? i thought that everyone hated me fhfgjfkgglfjkfj.. now because of that i love football lmao, and i'm thinking of joining their club, although i am worried that the picking on me will continue there.. i don't hate myself; i'm just lost, and maybe a little bit depressed just a ^(teeny-tiny bit :)) and there is this girl that i want to ask out for valentine's day, whom i have been wanting to ask out since fucking 7th grade i'm such a pussy. if you can give me advice for that i will be grateful! so yeah, i hope that someone might help me get back on track; i'm really lost right now.. cheers!	8
i (25f) worry i'll never be over my ex boyfriend (25m) or be in that type of relationship again. advice and anecdotes please! "tyler" and i dated for 3.5 years, and we even lived together for about a year our junior year of school. we started off madly in love but as time went on we fought a lot. at some point while living together i stopped being into our sex life...i took him for granted and he honestly deserved better. but we still had this incredibly close relationship and way of making each other laugh and reading each other's minds. there's no better, more sweet and fun guy than tyler. even if we weren't right for each other. finally, i broke it off and he warned me that if we broke up for good we couldn't just get back together like we had done in the past. we parted ways. i miss him almost every single day, reddit. or i miss what we had. i was close to this human in a way i've never been before or since and i just long for it. i've tried countless other relationships, one lasting 6 months, two short 3 month flings. nothing was right or moved into that closer, real love. i'm just worried i'll never find love again. we aren't guaranteed or promised anything in this life, maybe that was my shot and i blew it. i've "moved on" and had a lot of outward success but i'm just lonely and i want that deep relationship again. will things get better? i'm attractive, in great shape, very extroverted and social,have a great career and travel. and i just wonder why i can't find my person when so many people seem to have:/ tl;dr sad girl misses her ex and wants to find that long lasting love	3
last day of 8th grade im really gonna miss my stupid asl class	4
tfw you've been happy for a week but can start to feel the big sad creeping back like why man	4
meeting people on this sub who are [<my age] is so bizzare like bruh, who tf let u out if daycare early smh	16
why do i have to suffer... my bday is on march 8 and i should've had a party the day quarantine began..... and now i'm fuckin' depressed coz i was supposed to see friends that i haven't seen in like 2 years!	4
seeing cute boys online makes me heart race. i wish i could be with one irl i'm too ugly right now at least and i need to get more money.	2
am i the only one who thinks this or is our generation going to be the coolest parents? i literally can't imagine telling my kids to not go out or telling them off or scolding them maybe our parents thought like this too but then changed after becoming parents	1
how do i(24f) know if my relationship with my boyfriend(26m) is over? tl;dr at bottom let's start off with some backstory. me and my boyfriend have been dating for nearly a year now and i can honestly say that most of it has been happy. however, admittedly by him, these last few months have been rocky due to him unable to fully commit to the relationship. i have been patient with him and recently we had a breakthrough in which i truly saw progress and things start to turn for the better. my boyfriend doesn't think too highly of himself in our relationship. anything that upsets me he automatically takes as his fault. no matter how much i explain to him that my issues are my issues and he's the best part of my life, he still insists that anyone is more worthy of the love i give. i'm not a mentally well person. i have a ton of anxiety and suffer from depression. i do my best to try and keep that from him because i can understand how exhausting it is to be a mental outlet for someone. however, when things get difficult with my home life(a different story), i try and go to him for some form of comfort because i truly need it in those instances. for the most part he does great, just being there and listening, show love and support. however, he some how turns it on himself as for being the reason why i'm going through this or somehow it's amplified since he isn't sure what to do. --- now on to what happened: last sunday was a really rough day for me at home. i was mentally done and really needed my anchor. i had sent him a really long message on discord explaining how i'm.at my breaking point with everything that's going on, admitting that i felt i was dragging him and everyone down with the baggage i seem to carry. how i just want everyone to be happy but i feel as if i do the exact opposite. he took it initially as a breakup message and agreed with it probably being the best since he hasn't been the best to me. i quickly went into panic mode and try to reassure him, that it wasn't at all a breakup, but that i felt as if my life wasn't currently going anywhere and how i seem to make more people upset than happy. i don't typically talk about my depression so openly with him like that, but i truly needed him at that moment. this lead to me sobbing and just pouring my heart out to my boyfriend about how things are currently, just how bad my thoughts were, but most importantly how he has been my ray of sunshine throughout this. i wanted to make sure he understood that i'm not looking for him to "fix me" or to solve all my issues. i wanted to make sure he knew just how important he was to me and how i felt i wasn't being my best with talking about such things because i understand the mental exhaustion with dealing with those such as myself. it didn't work. after we talked a bit more that night, he reassured me that everything was going to be fine and ushered me to sleep since i have grown tired. i went to bed feeling a bit better, but still obviously upset. monday morning comes and all my messages became ignored. i tried not to think much of it since he has a tendency to sleep in. however, when the time came for him to start his stream(he's fulltime), it became apparent he was avoiding me. i didn't want to start issues, especially publicly, so i let it slide. i then messaged him after stream with my usual "i hope your stream went well." nothing. tuesday is now here and i still haven't heard anything. he was going to fly to boston for pax and i was growing more anxious. i finally bit the bullet and messaged him before his flight saying, "i can understand if you don't want to talk to me anymore atm, but please understand i love you very much and i hope you have a fun trip. please have a safe flight and try not to drink too much." i finally got a response. short, simple. he said, "it's not that i don't want to talk now or ever again, i just think we need some time to breathe. relax, everything will be okay " i'll admit that i initially read the message wrong and took it as him not wanting to talk ever again. i sent him a short burst of messages explaining that i was sorry for being a negative nancy and i'll give him space, but to please not to say such things since atm it was too much to bear. i don't want to ruin his trip for him. i'm happy he's having a fun time with friends and fans, getting out and doing things he would typically avoid doing if given the chance. but i don't like living in this limbo of not knowing where we stand. i really needed him sunday night and i can't help but feel as if i ruined everything. i have never felt so hurt and alone, issues at home not getting better. i simply needed my boyfriend and some reassurance but got a "break" instead. at this point in time i don't know what to do with myself, avoiding twitter, discord, and twitch so i don't see him having the time of his life as i sit crying all day. he doesn't come back until the 31st. do i consider things over or am i being over dramatic and over thinking things? ---- tl;dr: poured my heart out to my boyfriend sunday night about my insecurities due to issues at home. he felt he was at fault and called for a break and now wont message me. don't want to bother him since he's at pax and i don't want to ruin his fun.	3
when a friend who is ~20 pounds lighter than you starts ranting to you about how she thinks shes obese when she knows you have had an extensive past with eating disorders bad thoughts - if shes obese im worse !! im worse !! im disgusting kill me kill me i havent relapsed on my eds in like a year !!	8
i wish i was like freddy mercury dead repost cause other one was tagged as spam	2
i start my first job tomorrow!!! i work at subway now and i have a coworker!! he probably definitely is a user of reddit. he put his hands together and called me a woman of culture when we met because of my atla shirt. i'm so excited!!! i have a cool coworker amd a cool boss and a good paying job! i am so excited. i hope my life keeps getting a little better. it feels good to catch a nice break and be excited about something. also my employee punch in number is 69 lol. this is my first job i hope it's awesome :)	0
my first date ever i'm 16 and going into year 11 so it was kind of weird for the most part because of me not having much experience i decided i would just try and be myself and try to make her laugh. at 11:20 i started driving the the flower store and thought it would be too generic to get her flowers and it would be funny if i got her something unorthodox, i didn't want to leave the store so i looked for the weirdest looking plant in the store. i found a thing called an elephant foot yam, when i presented it to her when i got to her house to pick her up she thought it was funny which relieved me. she went inside and placed it in the house hopefully, hopefully it wasn't the trash can we got to the local mjr movie theater and they had an event going on where they played classic movies. we ended up watching jurassic park, the sandlot, and toy story. we got bored halfway through the second movie and went to the park nearby and walked n talked. i was surprised at my ability to make her laugh so much. nothing better than seeing a girl you like smile makes me bust one in my heart when it was all done i drove her back to her house, the drive quiet for the most part. when we got there she said she had a good time and wouldn't mind if we hung out again 10/10 experience would do again, if you're talking to a girl you may like and are on the fence whether you want to ask her to hang. just do it, it's so much better when you have a relationship outside of dms/pms	6
ex-girlfriend [22] that broke up with me[21] texted me first( post the breakup). so my ex girlfriend (we were together around 2 months). texted me something along the lines of hey how have you been how was your day?.i have been practicing no contact rule(basically no texting,not bothering to check her social media or anything). obviously i did not reply right back,let her wait a bit. answered her questions like i would respond to any girl that i had nothing sentimental with i said smth along these lines: oh hi,been busy,was out with friends,came home and studied a bit took a shower now i am chillin. she replied instantly: oh okay,i just asked.have you been okay? me:i have been doing well,a little busy but well,how's the grass on your side.have your parents been okay(this was the reason she ended the relationship in the first place she told me she needed space and that she was in a really bad situation,and she felt as if she wasn't giving the love i deserved) she(again replied almost instantly):they are doing better,thanks for asking, alright i have to go bye me:okay,glad we talked.bye. (she texted me seven days after the break up) now the situation is really tricky we follow the same master degree and are in the same class.during monday and tuesday she did not come(on tuesday she wrote me)i met her today.i keept everything normal.said good morning did not try to avoid her or anything,sat on the same place i always sit wich is right beside her, minding my own business. after we took our break i told her,hey i am going for a smoke wanna tag along,she accepted,still kept the conversation very brief. i could see her looking at me,for a split second, once ore twice (maybe trying to get my attention).after the class ended we went as a group (with other students for a coffee).still tried to act as normally as possible,might have sliped up a bit, sinc i wasn't being as talkative as i usually am(by no means did i just sit there and glanc at the phone i did engaged on conversation with my colleagues) now truth be told i still love her and if i could i would try and rebuild this relationship from the beginning (hopefully the right way this time).she even said despite the break up she still wants to be friends with me (she does have plenty good friends to talk to so).i was being to needy the first time being afraid i might lose her and maybe in the process failed to give her the space she needed. based on what i said,could these signs indicate there might still be a chance we could rebuild this relationship? i am still adamant on keeping the no contact rule in play(also i have been pretty much non existent on social media). if anyone has any advice based on personal experience,i would very much love so to hear it. tl;dr:ex that broke up with me texted back after seven days of no contact.	0
just got a free wholesome award to give out u already know what that means filerrrrrrr ___________________	17
guess which emotionally unstable bitch freaked out over fucking minecraft last night i've been playing in this server with my friends for a while just to have something to do during quarantine. it was honestly super fun just to all hang out on discord and play together, and usually i would just work on my house, which i had given the beautiful name of "bruh citadel." now i'm not really that experienced in the game so my house obviously wasn't the best, but i did genuinely put a lot of time into it and sometimes just being able to zone out and lay some cobblestone with a beatles album on in the background was really really relaxing. it was kind of a meme on the server how my house sucked but i was fine with it.. fast forward to last night. i hop on the server to find that bruh citadel was just completely gone. all of my shit was gone too. and guess who blew it up? the fucking server admin. not even because he needed the space. just because he didn't like it. so yeah had a bit of a bruh moment right after that. i haven't really been doing the best lately so i guess i was just really susceptible to something like that happened. i found out it was my friends' idea too, which kind of hurt :( i considered just absolutely destroying the admins house with tnt at like 1am when no one else was on, but i was like "but he'd be sad :(" so i just deleted the server. fun times.	0
i'm not lonely; i just miss looking forward to looking forward to 1 person's texts	14
:) vs :-) vs	19
bad day tomorrow parents said they'd clean my room for me while i was on vacation, got back a day early and now they're making me do it.	4
update: my [24] boyfriend [25] of 3 and 1/2 years hasnt proposed and i'm starting to worry. i just want that promise. the original link is [here](<url>) i wanted to give an update on this post i wrote about 2 years ago. i got some great advice, i got a lot of tough love advice and some terrible advice. i know he was already committed by all of his actions and that i really needed to focus on college first before having to plan a wedding. well, it turned out my boyfriend at the time had been planning on proposing to me for a long time. he wanted to wait until i graduated college. a little after i graduated college, he took me on a hike. i knew this was a special hike because it was the same place we went for one of our earlier dates. the first time we went on that date was magical. i always teased him that he never kissed me on the date. there was this perfect moment he was holding me in front of a beautiful picturesque lake as we were just enjoying each other's company in an embrace. i thought he was going to kiss me but he didn't. i later kissed him first but always teased him that he didn't kiss me in that moment we had. he confessed he wasn't sure if i wanted to be kissed. he said he wanted to kiss me more than anything. well he took me back on the hike 4 years later, and when we got to that lake, he told me this is when he knew he was first in love with me. then he got on one knee and proposed to me. i just kissed him and even forgot to say yes! so he asked, "are you going to marry me or not?" and i said of course. we got married about a year later and we just celebrated our one year anniversary in october. i've never been happier and i'm so excited to continue our life together! thank you for reading tl;dr update: my [24] boyfriend [25] of 3 and 1/2 years hasnt proposed and i'm starting to worry. i just want that promise. two year later update that he was planning on proposing all along and we have now been married for one year. i am so happy everything worked out the way it did.	8
i got my braces off today! and not just any braces, *adult* braces! braces at 28 are a lot different than braces at 14. it's been a long 11 months of awkward fake smiling because of my braces, but now that they're off i legit cannot stop smiling my real smile! anyway, i had to share and this was the first place i thought of. hopefully someone else can relate to this feeling!	1
what has been your experience with services like uber or lyft? i love uber, whenever you're ready to go, you put it in the app and someone will typically be there in less than 5 minutes or so! i love it for going to the bars, the airport, or just areas i don't want to deal with trying to find parking. usually some pretty cool people driving for them too. i was actually driving home last night from hanging out with some coworkers, and saw this old mini van that had an uber sign in the windshield, but what i didn't notice enough in time before it crossed the street, was that there were christmas lights in it!	1
i (17f) am afraid of dating and sex. i'm sorry if this turns out a little bit long, it's kind of one of those situations where i feel like backstory is needed to fully understand (info/history about me) i'm 17f, in the beginning of my senior year of high school. i'm more of the introverted, quiet kid who doesn't talk much and is painfully, painfully shy and inexperienced. i'm more of an art freak; i plan on majoring in art and going on to get my teaching license for art education for high school students. as a kid, i was severely made fun of; called fat and ugly, was told that i should just die, etc. this led me to have issues with depression, severe anxiety, eating issues, and general body dysmorphia that i still have issues with today. (end history) in my family, we never really talked about sex or dating; it was extremely taboo. everything that i learned was from my friends/peers, online, or what i saw at home. this was my first indication that healthy relationships are practically nonexistent and sex is something that should be automatically given to the other person; no matter what. the very first relationship i had was not the best. he wouldn't listen to me, would try to touch me all the time, would try to make me touch him, and blamed me for mostly everything. he called me crazy and that everything was my fault. a few months after him, a semi-close friend of mine blamed me for him trying to kill himself. both of these situations have left me to believe that there's no such thing as a healthy relationship; that all that will happen is me being blamed for things that aren't my fault and that whenever i speak i'll just be turned down to a deaf ear. as i've said before, i've seen a lot through my friends and peers. 99% of it is not good. most of them end up being used for sex, be cheated on, be hit, be sexually assaulted, or some other harmful experience. because of this, i feel like i'll be hurt; whether that be beaten or used up and left. from all of the negatives that i have heard about sex, i'm extremely uptight about it and have a 6 month mandatory waiting period for sex for anyone who tried to get in a relationship with me. it helps me weed out the bad but i feel like all it does is turn people away because i am so uptight and fearful of being hurt again. i really don't want to be this way anymore. i want to see that there are positives in relationships and that i won't be used up or thrown to the ground. i'm sick of having such bad anxiety every time i think about relationships and sex. i appreciate any helpful advice that'll get me past this.	1
i hate when people ask "so what are your hobbies" like all i do i watch youtube, play minecraft, and cry. how tf am i supposed to answer that question?	4
why tho like fr no cute guys/gals are my age big sad lmao and if they are they're taken	2
my brother killed my dog in minecraft so i killed his mom	0
i wish people on reddit wasn't so fast to judge people and situations when someone post something on reddit, it's a small fraction of the real story and from this person point of view, but yet, people are so fast to judge it's ridiculous to see. people start with "you have to leave this person" / "this person is clearly cheating on you" / "stop being friends with this person" / and other stuff like that. it really makes me sad that it happens here... bc we already have it out there and here should be the place to receive something different	2
it's my first ever cake day and people on reddit make me feel like it's actually my birthday! seriously, so many folks sent me nice comments today ranging from a regular "happy cake day" to "its your cakeday buddy!". everyone is so nice to me and it's just heartwarming i didn't think cake day would be a big deal but clearly it is. i can't thank all of those folks personally but if you happen to read this just know you've made a stranger on the internet a happy boi. okay, enough about me. have you experienced a cake day yet? do you care about them or not? let me know	6
graduation party tomorrow night so this entire year there have been so much drama and fighting between students in my class that now our class has split into two groups and tomorrow there is a high school graduation party tomorrow night in the middle off nowhere, 8 of my class is coming and 4 is from my group and i am scared that something will escalate cause one guy from the other group is really unstable and unpredictable and if i dont post an update tomorrow i want you all to know that i love all off you and i really wish people would love not hate	3
anyone want to chat everyone seems bored or sad so hmu if you qant or need to talk also (18m)	6
anyone wanna chat i need internet friends, i'm lonely filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	2
i think..... i think i am in love with my best friend can anyone help me like stop thinking like that	1
for those who are having a hard time, it'll all be okay hey guys! we as teenagers go through a bunch of shit and let's be frank, most of us aren't even making the best out of our teenage years. there are some of us who isolate ourselves in our rooms, some of us who can barely even leave bed because of the emotional drainage, and some of us who just feel like... nothing. i'm here to tell y'all that it'll be okay. i'm serious. by staying alive you're already doing yourself a favour and you're doing a great job! trust me, everything will turn out just fine. a week ago i was fucking down, i've never felt so low in my life and i couldn't even fucking focus on anything else but my own sadness. i spent my 16th birthday alone, can you imagine lol. today i'm flourishing, i've made a couple of new besties and my life is actually coming together again. what i'm trying to say is that all good will come to those who wait, just trust the process. wherever the wind blows, it blows. y'all are doing okay. nothing is easy but everything that's shit will come to pass. all love! xoxo	3
discord acc was disabled and the email i used with it is long gone	4
i *could* do some math right now but i *could* also spend my next 4 hours on here. what do i do?	10
today is my birthday hey guys. so today i hit level 25 in life! i know this is a silly post, but i just moved to a new state and i'm hundreds of miles away from all my friends and family... seeking some encouragement right about now. any advice about being alone on your birthday?	1
i was offered sex today but i said no cuz he's 25	0
it's 90 fucking degrees in november i live in the american south , otherwise known as satan's asscrack so it's pretty much always hot here. it wasn't always this way. i remember as a kid having a winter and that winter being very very cold. well those days are over. it's always so hot, i don't know how i played outside all those years. i guess it wasn't as hot 20 years ago. i've been having a horrible time these last few years because it's always blazing hot. when i say hot, i mean the sun rays hurt. so, i was so happy that the fall or winter or at least cool weather was finally here. no air condition needed, house was cold, leaves are falling, i can pick out nice outfits because i'm not gonna sweat like a pig in anything i wear. i could skip in a field of leaves like a fucking tampax commercials (you know how ridiculous those use to be) ... then it got hot again. it's 90 fucking degrees, and i'm back to sweating like a whore in church. i hate this , i want something other than the default of hell.	4
15yom how to find a girlfriend	4
hey soo, could someone who's american comment on this post i've a question pls	13
my older cousin stabbed me in the stomach with a rusty broken piece of a chain link fence one time i admittedly phrased the title the most eye-catching, yet still true, way possible. so at this time i was & and "jerry" was 10. our ages give context. we aren't/weren't *completely* stupid... it was the year 2000, summer or fall. i don't remember exactly but the olympics were going on and i want to say they were coming to an end. i remember michele kwan from the winter. that last sentence is pointless and adds nothing to this story. anyway, i slept over a lot at my grandparent's house when i was growing up. in fact this is the same house i live in now. and now i remember it was still summer because "jerry" (stabber) comes over pretty much every weekday morning at like 6am. his mom had to pass our grandma's house on the way to work and grandma was free babysitting. myself and jerry were extremely close up until a 4 years ago. we were basically brothers growing up, and he was two years older. i looked up to jerry a lot. he was a very good baseball player and our family is really into baseball. i was never athletic so i looked up to him in that way. so scotty shows up at our grandma's house and woke me up at 6am when he gets there because scotty is the devil. he's super excited on this particular day about having seen the olympic "javelin" event. i didn't know wtf that word meant but scotty was excited about so i was already sold on that shit. but i couldn't let him know that he'd captured my sense of wonder so i just bullshitted and pretended to be a fucking javelin aficionado. and it's great because he doesn't know enough to call me on my shit. so the day is off to a stupendous start. grandma made bacon. after bacon scotty asked if we could go outside and this part is where this whole ordeal is really my grandma's fault. i still remember this exchange. like i can still see and hear this unfolding in front of me: >scotty: grandma can we go outside? >grandma: *very stern look for no reason* you can go to the side yard but ya'll bet not go to that alley (behind the house)! don't go anywhere near there! and i just remember wondering why she's even mention the alley. we did this same routine 3-5 times a week for months and we never went back there. the alley was filled with garbage. it was literally just a big gross trashcan. people would throw old furniture, mattresses, clothes, shingles, whatever back there. got so bad the city bulldozes it "clean" once a year now. but...why did she say anything about the alley? what's back there that we can't see? so of course the very first thing we do is go to the alley. scotty finds a long piece of broke. fence. it's about 3 feet long and very thin. imagine the staff on a golf club. words burned into my brain: >scotty: wanna play javelin? he pretty much made the face the emoji is making. pride is on the line now. so you goddamn right i wanna play javelin. things start off fine. we just stand about 10 yards away and throw this tetanus riddled hunk of metal back and forth at each other trying to get it to stab into the ground in front of the other person. scotty starts raising the stakes and steps slightly further back and starts throwing it way harder and making fun of me because i couldn't throw it as far. but it's all in the technique because i ended up getting a great throw off that went further than any of his had gone. i had won. or so i thought. so now i'm talking shit to him like "yeah nigga i'm the javelin king and don't you fucking forget it" (i didn't use these words but this is how i was feeling at the time. well, that was a mistake. because scotty launches that shit back towards me and i froze like a dear in headlights. it plunged into my stomach just above my belly button and towards the left side of my body. so a few seconds (3-5) pass and i look back up at him with this thing still in me. the pain hasn't hit yet and i'm just like "damn" in my head. and do you know what this motherfucker said to me...? he puts both hands up, palms towards me in this posture that steve irwin would use when approaching a bear or some shit, and he says to me, with fucking conviction: >scotty: i can fix this. and after he says that, the pain starts from me being fucking impaled, and anger bubbles up because no the fuck you cant fix it, scotty, i don't trust your decisions anymore. i yanked it out of me, ran inside screaming. things got pretty hectic so the details escape me (i didn't pass out or anything wild, but i was screaming and thought i was gonna die because of the blood and my grandma was fucking livid), but i did end up getting s few stitches and shots. my mom pretty much grounded me because we went to the alley. so i got stabbed and punished for it basically lol. scotty held this over my head (playfully) for years until one day it crystallized in my head and i said, "you stabbed me." we laughed that day because that's kind of hilarious.	17
about to see toy story 4 in real 3d, can't wait	0
me [24f] dating sammy [24f] for the past 2.5 months, should i continue? (messy, complicated situation) i will try to keep this simple. it is a very messy situation so i apologize in advance. also, my last post was removed because i did not include a tl;dr, but i have now added one. i wasn't sure what i was looking for on bumble (a dating app), but i was open to new experiences. i came across a girl a few months ago, sammy, who said she had a boyfriend, nick, but she has fun with other girls. i went out with her not knowing what to expect. i found some of the most fun experiences of my dating life. she is lively and makes me laugh until my stomach hurts and i feel comfortable and safe around her. i genuinely miss her when i'm away. however, she has a long-term boyfriend, and i did know this beforehand. but i expected him to be more relaxed about the situation. (let me just say, i understand his feelings **completely**. i am dating his girlfriend and that must be difficult.) when i met him, i could feel the tension and i could feel the jealousy, and he did not really want me spending alone time with her. this has nothing to do with his character. he is a genuinely nice person and i can easily see why she loves him. it's just the situation that is difficult. apparently it was okay for her to date others as long as she didn't have romantic feelings for them, only sexual feelings (it was ok if she just slept with them,) but then she *did* have romantic feelings (with another girl,) and an argument between her and nick ensued. i'm not sure what place they are in right now. sammy does talk about her and nick breaking up kind of often, but i don't know how to interpret that. i don't expect them or want them to break up. she's also said she doesn't know if she could be in a relationship and seriously date a girl. i ask myself what i want. i want to keep seeing her. we have a somewhat stable bond. i smile simply by standing next to her because i like her that much. i have held back both emotionally and physically because i know i'm the "other" person but it's been good so far, everything has been natural and not forced. i am seeing other people, dating casually, but she's the main person i'm seeing... if you asked me what i dislike about the situation, there's a lot. i often feel like the second person (because i am), and i do like hearing about her boyfriend sometimes, but she talks about him quite often because they've shared a lot of experiences together and it just makes me feel kind of shitty. i dislike not knowing what we are. are we friends with benefits? am i secondary to a poly relationship? i feel like we're a couple sometimes. obviously we aren't and it's way too early to even use that word (i did not enjoy typing it,) but that's the closest thing i can relate it to because i don't feel like we're fwbs or anything like that. i've been on dates with girls who have boyfriends before, but both of those girls looked at me like a piece of meat. i am ok with casual intimacy but to genuinely talk to me and look at me like a sex object is rough. with sammy, it's not like that at all. it actually took us a long time to even kiss. i truly enjoy the moments when it's just the two of us, alone, spending time with each other and not focusing on anyone or anything else. we have a lot of serious and deep conversations amidst all the fun. it's nice and i feel like i know who she truly is. and i like who she is. the thought of us ending easily makes me want to cry. but i also feel like i may be relieved, simply because i wouldn't have to worry about all this anymore. i don't know if i'll be happy with this arrangement in the long-term. it's funny, i am known for planning, and my life is incredibly structured, but with her i have put aside that way of thinking. i am not sure if this decision will come back to bite me. it's even harder for me to figure out what to do because i just don't know what i want. last year i was head over heels for someone but i didn't want to be in a relationship with them, and i couldn't figure out why. so i tried casual dating as i thought i wasn't looking for anything serious and that's been going okay. but i just don't know. and i just really don't know if i should continue with sammy. my friends say i seem stressed out nowadays. i don't know if i feel happier than i did before. what should i do? any advice would be appreciated. tl;dr: i'm seeing someone who i have so much fun with and who i care about a lot, but she has a complicated dating arrangement and a boyfriend. for the most part things go well, but i sometimes feel shitty being the 2nd person. i am unsure of how to proceed, partially due to me not knowing what i want. any sort of advice would be helpful	2
read below if you're horny "you mind being my first kiss " "uhh, yeah" *kisses once* *kisses again* *makes out* *strips clothes and has raw sex* one kiss can lead to more.	13
who wants to talk about heels? hi everyone! i love shoes (especially heels obviously) and i was wondering if anyone wanted to talk about them. what's your favorite pair? how do you feel about them? if you don't wear them/are a guy (i'm a guy and wear them on occasion, any questions welcome! ) do you like them on others? ask me anything you like too! have a great day everyone :)	1
i'm a 24 year old mom who doesn't have actual friends. i'm not really socially awkward. i have just been shut in for over 3 years with no friends. i've got my toddler and my boyfriend. my boyfriend is a social butterfly and friendships are easy for him. he has multiple friends. he goes out and plays magic with his friends and has one best friend that he talks about everything with. i've grown sorta envious of that. i would like something like that. however i find it hard for me to make friends. and that sucks for me. i've just grown a little lonely. i guess that sounds weird.. but i'm a car salesperson youd think that stuff like that would be easy for me...yeah. i have an off and on switch. at work on. off work off. i'm weird. but anyway, if you have any advice i'd love to hear it. if you wanna be friends, that's fine too.	8
i have the horny i require penis cum	0
do you ever fall in love with someone you saw on sacial media, know youll never have her and their also taken. god im so gay but so is she but its a three year difference but ill go get her when were both over 18 sksosoueudjdnskskskajajisisjwjsjjsjsjaiaiajsjjsjwjejdksoslskskksksksk slsowoqjqbaospdubdkwosidusbsksosiudjsbsimiokdkdiwiwjwjakaososois im gonna cryhyyy im forever lonelu sorry for being annoying but thats just me when i have a crush	12
should she finally let go of her mother's apron strings or am i in the wrong here? summary: my gf (25) and i (33) have known each other for three years and have been dating for 11 months now. she's the love of my life and i'm grateful every day that i have the privilege of waking up next to her. we moved in together 4 months ago and it's been like a dream come true. however our relationship is being strangled by her mother. background and context: i'm here today because i need to ask how much "family time" is healthy and when it crosses the line into codependency. i acknowledge that i don't have a healthy baseline to compare this situation to because i grew up in an extremely abusive environment. over-the-top physical and emotional abuse in my formative years has destroyed any notion of family for me. i don't speak to or acknowledge the existence of any of my side of the family. they could all disappear from the earth and i would have no idea. family get-togethers and holidays just weren't a thing for me. friends growing up had close families and it just felt foreign and uncomfortable to witness. i'm also a textbook introvert who has limited social energy to spare each day. going over there is draining and unpleasant for me, especially after a long day at work. - that being said, i'm here asking for advice because i need to know if i'm in the wrong here or whether i have a legitimate case to confront my gf with. details: 1) her mother fully expects us to hang out over at her house several times a week. realistically 2-4 times a week, varying from 2-4 hour visits to all-day outings on the weekends. doesn't ask, just tells us to come over. zero regard for our lives or schedules. 2) her mother goes into a full-on teenage tantrum rampage if we decline or say no. complete with foot stomping, door slamming, passive-aggressive facebook posting, gossiping and general s**t talking to the rest of the family. i find myself forcing myself to go just to avoid the headache. 3) the major issue and complicating factor is that my gf tends to side with her mom on this issue. that was the norm before i entered the picture and in her mother's eyes i'm the boy stealing her daughter and f'ing everything up. 4) i don't want to alienate her from her family. ever. i don't want to change aspects of who she is because i fell in love with her exactly as she is now. we've recently been talking about the idea of marriage and i don't want our potential children to be alienated from their extended family like i've had to endure. however i believe this is unhealthy and something has to give in this situation. is her mother codependent or am i just unfamiliar with how a normal family relationship should be? most nights i'd just like to be able to come home, cook a nice dinner for the both of us, cuddle with her and the cats, play video games together, and relax. however several nights a week i feel like we're threatened with the fallout of her mother's immature meltdown if we don't go spend our entire evening over there. i've tried to bring this up to my girlfriend, but she has always been close with her family and tells me to get over it, stating that "this is how it's always been." i've started opting out and staying home while she visits, but i get a raft of guilt and disdain from her family who is beginning to disapprove of me because i don't want to spend half my evenings and every weekend over there pretending like i want to be there. i hate this and it's made me consider breaking up with her. i really don't want to. tl;dr - future mother in law is hella codependent and takes up more of our time than i think is appropriate. gf sides with her mom because "that's the way it's always been." is the amount of time we spend there normal or am i out of line? how do i ask my gf to let go of her mother's apron strings, acknowledge the codependency, trim back the family visits to a sane level, and just enjoy life with me?	4
alabama, arkansas, i do love my ma and pa not the way that i do love you	3
why do literal millionaires have a cashapp in their spotify page like i fucking love oliver francis but i'm not gonna send him money when in his songs he says $1500 shoes is nothing	4
can't sleep, too scared after wandering a creepy subreddit. the trail started from a recent murder case in houston. so i spent a few minutes under r/rbi now i can't sleep. please tell me nice things what are y'all up to?	1
discuss: who's in the wrong here? so i am a 13 year old boy, and the other day i was out with my friends. and as kids, we were messing around. to be specific, one of my mates was pretending to be tarzan (no, he isn't retarded ), and in the process ripping some leaves off of a tree. then, some man starts shouting at us, saying things like 'would you like me to come to your garden and pull leaves off the trees!?' then starts taking pictures of us so we run.	1
i was complimented i can't remember the last time i was genuinely complimented by someone. it's just a really wonderful night and i feel pretty	13
i don't wanna be dramatic or something... but u/megathicc aient online filler filler furry filler filler filler filler furry	5
a girl said she would voicechat with me but i'm very bad at talking like what i do guys i am very boring and i am very bad at talking, i'm just gonna embarrass myself	5
just think about this in the future, there is a possibility that someone from this sub could be a president	5
okay but like i need to stop making rhymes its not my fault im feeling so creative and flirty right now	2
can you join my cult hahaha jkjk... unless? nah i'm just joking. unless??	5
got scammed lol a food vendor (idk what they're called) offered me a seedless watermelon that costs more than one with seeds, turns out it had seeds and i lost a few dollars	2
i want to move into ikea i fell in love with those rooms i bought a few cute things and i'm so hyped to move out now omg	15
in my life i've fucked a couple witches they call me wizard	0
job suggestions? does anyone know of any call center customer service jobs or good work-from-home jobs? particularly in the austin, texas area. i am a stay-at-home mom but am looking into doing some part time work to earn extra money and get a break from the kids. i love customer service and helping people, and i'd greatly prefer a job that doesn't require a uniform or dressing up (sensory issues ). thanks!	11
cutting my finger. (nsfw) this happened tonight. about an hour ago, in fact. here's a little bit of context. i am a crafter and i am always doing some sort of diy project. painting, upcycled projects, sewing, or random home improvement stuff. i help my mom do stuff around her house as well. so tonight i was building something with popsicle sticks and i was trying to cut the top of two that were glued together so they would stick together better when my x-acto knife slipped, cutting my middle finger. cue me letting loose a string of language that would make a sailor blush and immediately begin bleeding all over the apartment. it bled for at least 15 minutes. i held it above my heart and applied pressure and as a result i am a little bit shaky. what possessed me to do that, i don't know. i can't move my finger without it hurting and i'm kicking myself for being so absent brained. the towel i used looks like it was used to clean up a murder scene and my finger looks gross. let my stupidity be a warning to all you diy enthusiasts here on reddit. please be careful with your x-acto knives. tl;dr: i'm a clumsy oaf who has a terrible track record with knives. smh <url> photo of the cut. ouch.	15
i am terrified of flying. i am boarding and airplane in exactly 36 hours and i am utterly horrified. which means i'll most likely spend the five hour flight nervous giggling and no one wants that. anyone have any tips for flight anxiety?	1
today is my 22nd birthday :) today, february 6th, is my 22nd birthday! :) i'm super excited! my mom is taking me shopping at a huge mall, and we are spending a couple days near there too :) i love her so much! she's also taking me to get my hair done! yay! i'm happy today ^-^ **update - 9:07pm cst:** well, it didn't go as planned, nothing really worked out. :/ oh well. not the best birthday - actually a pretty horrible day - but there will be others. still get to spend time with bf later this week for celebrating so yay for that. :) also am getting some nice things so i can't complain too much - gotta look on the bright side right? :) just have a headache and need rest. thank you all for your kind wishes	3
my (f29) boyfriends (m30) personality/ego about us: 2008- met in high school. hooked up for 6 months before i moved to another city. 2011- slept with eachother again. summer vacation from college. 2017- february. started conversations on facebook. april 2017- slept with eachother again. but this time he had gotten himself a girlfriend (f29). he said she doesnt treat him well, and that they argue often. anyway, i was a bitch and slept with. they broke up december 2017. in 2018 we ended up like fwb. he found another girl in april i think. so he had two fwbs. i said go for it, get over your ex-girlfriend, you need this. he dumped her in june 2018. he didnt have other girls than us two and always said he wants to be poly. but from july 1018 i think we have seen eachother every day. i asked him "what happened with the poly-thing? he said he was unhappy earlier, and that now he only wants me. in september, we traveled to spain for 1 week and moved in with eachother a week later. he wanted me to meet his family. now, he says he loves me every day. and "marry me"- when he is super happy. he has introduced me to all his friends. he hugs me snd touch me. and he talks to me about our future. also: on his phone when he doesnt do the things above. always on his phone working or playing chess or chatting with his friends (from all over this kontinent" but!! why does he treat me like this: his ego. he wants to make himself happy more than he wants me to be happy. he never listen to me when i want to choose movies or tv-series. doesnt want to listen when i talk about how my day at work was because i work with so heavy and depressing stuff (refugees). if he could choose between eating risotto with sticks or fork, he would chose sticks because of the minimal effort. this is something he swears by, minimal effort, and he is "proud of it". i told him this and he knows it. why does he act like this and also says he loves me so so much?! thanks	3
tifu by getting the police to smash next doors door down i have new neighbours. we didn't really get off to a good start. we introduced ourself when we saw them half way down the street once but we realised they were mid domestic argument so walked away as it was pretty awkward. since then they never said anything to us and sometimes we all arrive home at the same time and it's a race to see who can get there door open faster in order not to have to acknowledge each other. i should mention they have a dog. they're out a lot and we never hear the dog apart from the sporadic bark. however, tonight for over an hour the dog was howling. a constant high pitched howl that sounded like he was hurt. there lights were on so i figured they were home. dog is still whimpering and howling and i hear what sounds like a female screaming. i am now convinced the lady next door is hurt and the dog howling at her side. i knock on her door a couple of times but no answer. my partner calls the police and they turn up. i tell them i'm worried. they have a look through the window and said the place looks ransacked. then.... they just booted the door down. completely of it's hinges, glass everywhere and guess what?! they're not in. the dog was just missing its owners and they live in a mess created by them. it's going to be even more awkward from now on tl:dr neighbours don't get on and now no hope since we had the police kick there door down for dog barking	15
moving on too quickly, or just have lots of affection to give? i (f20) came out of a 2.5 year relationship with a guy (m20) a few weeks ago, and i'm already thinking about moving on and dating someone else. mostly because i feel like i want to give my affection and support to someone else. could this be too soon? does anyone else feel like it's hard to not have someone to give all that time and love to? is it okay for me to care for someone else? i simply love caring for someone like that, and want to go back to it, and learn about someone new, have new memories. any advice would be appreciated tl;dr i recently split with a bf of two and a half years, is it okay for meto want to move on soon?	6
found out my parents think i'm a lesbian and that's why they don't ask about grandchildren i didn't know what to say so i didn't say anything. even now i don't think i'm going to correct them, it's not like i'm seeing anyone anyway plus if i do correct them they night start with the "your mom started having kids at 20, you're running late" at least they're being supportive	1
bobs burgers almost literally made me shit my pants. linda just cracks my shit up sometimes and what i mean by literally, is that i actually had to run to the bathroom. i think it's because this show just has randomly hilarious moments that come out of know where and my butt wasn't ready for it. anyway, i'm a little drunk so anyone who wants to chat hit this thread up .	3
this year was a very fucked up year but i learned somethings that teenagers gotta know before passing this difficult phase of life so, here is my *2021 guide for dumb teenagers* 1- the first thing you gotta know is that you are alone. and you'll be alone forever. doesn't matter if you have a girlfriend or friends, you'll still be alone forever. the only thing you need to realize is how to deal with this. being alone is the best thing in the world and now i recognize that. be happy with your own company. 2- grades. "oh, i got an a so i'm smarter then you" "son, if you don't get an a you'll be grounded". that's bullshit. grades are just numbers based on an exam of a determined subject so they cannot measure if youre smart or not. you have other qualities like other people and be proud of that! it's not a grade that's going to tell you who you are. 3- school. yeah guys, school is such a toxic place. students are extremely cruel and you have to fake who you really are, otherwise you'll be bullied. the only thing i have to say is that it's just a phase. you are in school just to study, nothing else so fuck them. be yourself. hatters will hate and yeah, i don't fucking care cuz even jesus had haters so fuck it. ( also, if someone is trying to copy your personality or style, just remember that every good movie has its pirated copies ) 4- just live. it seems difficult but it's not. you'll fall, you'll get up, you'll cry, you'll be happy, you'll be scared and it's normal! that's why life is amazing. so get up from this bed and live. do wrong shit, or right shit, idc, if you knew how quickly you'll be forgotten when you die, you wouldn't stop doing everything you dream thinking about what others think. anyways, that was a fucking cringe text but i don't care, just enjoy life guys	0
my birthday my birthday is _always_ 3 days before school starts i don't even get the cool points of being the oldest in the class or anything, i'm actually the youngest. everyone is older than me. they're all 14 while i'm still stuck 13. so basically i have my birthday and then get to have the fun of dreading the first day of school _right after my birthday_ because social anxiety m8 hooorraaayyyyy lets make myself sick because "oh no what do they all think of me"	18
i bet y'all don't even have a sexy fursona smh	11
epic gamer prank ask some random girl on this subreddit to be your little and let you be their sugar daddy and spoil them. i'm planning on doing it to a girl who goes by the name sleepyrachel because i am a hundred percent sure she fucked my dog in a past life. she just seems like the type. if she makes a post calling me a pedo, i want you to know it's just an epic gamer prank	0
i'm not really happy with life right now, but i care about you, let's talk i'm just not enjoying doing things these days nothing can put a smile of my face but it's ok, what i really want is to know how are you, how's going your day, week, month, year, life tell me thing, let's talk about whatever you want to talk	6
you there stop now im laying down on my floor being depressed and listening to misic its peetty chill ngl	0
hello guys! i do not want to ask for help with something. i just hope you have a nice day and enjoy it!i'm really glad that i found this community.	3
i'm starving and being poor sucks :( i came to town on saturday. i was supposed to stay with my grandfather but he keeps making excuses as to why i can't come to his house. he randomly dropped me off at my godfather's house and there's zero food here. literally :( and what little food i had left is at my grandfathers packed away with all my stuff from college. i got here saturday morning, didn't eat til 12am sunday, i ate a couple slices of pizza that my godbrother's mother's friend brought over to the kids and that's it. i'm really frustrated and sad. i'm naturally petite at 5,3 and 92ibs but the last thing i need to do is lose any weight. i haven't had a meal since monday and it's wednesday. what makes it even worse is my godsister texted her uncle for him to bring her some spaghetti, and it really sucked smelling that food or i'll ask someone who lives in the house with me and they'll tell me they're stopping to get food. my godfather's girlfriend deciding to go out to golden corral was my only real chance at getting something to eat and she decided not to. i'm just ready to go home :'(	13
i have no followers :(	2
aw man. i had this really big crush on someone but due to recent events i've lost all feelings for them	2
that moment whne what moment when yet another one of your friends blocks you out of nowhere	8
haha i just lost my virginity losers ha you just got bamboozled i'm still lonely	0
found my grandpa's tribute video i never really knew my grandpa. he was in hospital and bed ridden for most of my early years so i rarely saw him, maybe visited twice a year. i was 6 when he passed away. i moved away from my home country when i was 3, nearly 4, so wasn't in the country when he had passed. i heard a great many things about him growing up. my mother always uses weird nicknames to refer to people and she would say they were nicknames she picked up from him. he was a well humoured but humble man who was very soft spoken and a great father. as the years have progressed, i have always shot myself down for not spending enough time with him and for not appreciating him enough when i still could. but i was young and knew no better. recently, i was digging through drawers in pursuit of a usb stick. and i found one. i plugged it into my laptop and waited for it to load up. when i click on the folder, to my surprise, i'm greeted with a picture of him and a powerpoint. i click on the powerpoint and soon realise its his little funeral tribute. i watch it and start crying because i never attended the funeral and didn't really understand the concept of death at 6. rest in peace oupa	3
might be getting a stripper for my 18th talked abt my bday with my dad and older brother and they joked abt hiring one for me (it's legal in my country). either that or a brand new saab. i'm still gonna get a car from my dad either way so it's a win win i guess.	0
how many kids do you plan on having? haha it's not like you'll find someone, you're just a lonely redditor jkjk fr tho, how many? me? zero	5
guys im so disappointed my period is really light so no snacks for later girls u know what im talking about	2
got banned from r/feminism welp, to start off i posted a reddit post that was previously on here about the women who abused the child for 6 years. with the title "what do you think about this. have a nice day ". i go to sleep, and wake up to being banned, just because they don't like it, so are they just ignoring/denying stuff that they don't like, is that how that works.(sorry bout grater and spelling)	8
just tested negative for covid baby you know what that means	17
faxts periodt tea everyone tough till [airplane mode ](<url>) comes on	13
billie eilish is soo underrated!!! lmao nah man that bitch probably plays violin on her wrists with her "deep" lyrics and the 14 year old "depressed girls" can fuck right off too thank you	4
anyone else love listening to & following the top 40 songs? i love listening to the radio but it seems like most people on reddit aren't a fan of the top 40. everyone has there own tastes in music, who here likes the hot pop stuff?	0
drop zoom links i'm just really bored. i want to anything offensive or shit. just want to make class or meetings etc fun for a few seconds. ofc only if you want	9
bro i legit got a old drawing of captain levi erased the scouts logo drew a nazi symbol and turned it in for a 100 on a history assignment now this is big brain time filler filler filler filler fillee	0
alright boys mission accomplished i'm going to see spider-man next friday with my crush- if it's a date i'm not sure	1
to my fellow european teenagers remember to always stay hydrated in this heat	3
cutting my nipple on aluminum foil (nsfw?) this actually happened about 10 minutes ago. so, as many of you can probably relate, i often wander around my house naked on my days off. i live alone (or sometimes with my bf) and it's never a big deal. so i'm going about my day and decided i was hungry. time for a blue apron meal! first step, roasting some veggies. now obviously i don't cook bacon naked, but this seems harmless... slice up a few veggies, drizzle with olive oil and some seasonings and pop right in the oven for 45+ minutes. danger free, right? wrong. i like to line my sheet pans with foil as it makes cleanup go like 90% faster. now, i'm pretty well endowed and i guess usually i just go pantsless, but hey, i'm alone. so birthday suit it is. i unfurl the foil, measure and cut. place on pan, and figure i should start preheating the oven. this is where i go wrong. i hadn't folded the edges down on the foil, and as i lean over the pan to innocently turn the oven on, the foil slices my nipple (yes, i'm that short). i didn't even know that could happen! it feels like lighting shot through me. and not in a good way. i lean back to inspect the damage- it has actually drawn a little bit of blood. it still stings a bit. tl;dr cooked naked, gave my nipple an aluminum foil "paper cut". moral of that story- at least put on a shirt while cooking. your nipples will thank you.	14
can i wear ur hoodie pleaseeeee i'm cold and u can wear mine if u want also give me a hug	13
the current us pain crisis, caused by opioid restrictions that target innocent patients instead of addicts, is causing minimum 1 of every 10 us suicides. every american is now one painful injury or illness away from being tortured and possibly killed via government mandated medical neglect. thorough documentation of this ongoing crisis is provided at the end of this post. this is a long read, but everyone in the us needs to be warned about this, and every day this problem isn't solved, it's killing more people. action on this issue is urgently needed. i have [polycystic kidney disease](<url>), and for the last four years, (at least while i was still physically able to do so,) i saw doctor after doctor after doctor in search of adequate pain management. in that time, i have not been prescribed anything for pain at all. before that, up until a bit over 4 years ago, i had a life, because i had a doctor providing me with hydrocodone, which had turned out to be the only effective medication against my pain after i had tried every single alternative narcotic and non narcotic medication that existed there at the time. (surgery had been ruled out as an unnecessary risk.) i used lortab (hydrocodone with reduced acetaminophen) responsibly and sparingly for years, and never experienced any addiction or withdrawal. only relief and a chance to live my life instead of survive it. then, i was forced to move across the country in order to access other kinds of healthcare blocked from me in my previous home state. the new federal opiate laws went into effect not long after i moved. my new home state turned into an even worse medical neglect death trap, and now i'm not well enough to move again in order to save myself. my physical and psychological health have been utterly destroyed by the complete void of available pain managenent in the us. i can't function at all now, even basic things in my own home. i can't leave the house anymore, and even if i could, i have exhausted every single doctor i am able to access and been abandoned by every single one. i spend all of my time laying around in agony, crying, screaming, mangling inanimate objects, viciously self harming just for one source of pain to distract me from the other, and wishing for death. i have no will to live and no reason to want to. i'm probably only still alive because of rage towards the people responsible for doing this to me. one of the questions i have been asked by many of the doctors i've seen, after i explained my massive list of new and worsened physical and psychological symptoms (not included in this post), they genuinely wanted to know why i hadn't killed myself yet, and how i could still be alive after everything that happened to me. they weren't going to help me. they were just curious. i have also had numerous offers to help me access assisted suicide - while denying me access to the medication that would make suicide unnecessary. this is a death trap millions of americans are stuck in with no way out. at least one in ten suicides in the us is now caused by untreated chronic pain, and that doesn't count all the early "natural" deaths (mostly heart failures) caused by symptoms resulting from the stress and trauma of being tortured in constant pain because of government mandated medical neglect. chronic pain patients across the country are now left with only two options: suffering, or suicide. **we need the help of able bodied people if we are to have any chance at life.** we have been completely abandoned by our doctors and legislators. we have been rendered powerless to save ourselves. and as long as nothing changes, more of us will continue to die every day. _____ this is not just a problem for chronic pain patients. unreasonable opiate restrictions mean that **whoever you are, you too are only one painful accident, injury or illness away from being tortured and neglected** by the doctor or hospital you would go to for help. it doesn't matter how obvious your pain or its cause is. it will not be treated because doing so puts doctor's business and career at risk because of new federal and some states' laws based in misinformation and opiate hysteria instead of science, medical need, or compatibility with pain patients' basic human rights to life, liberty and happiness. and doctors always choose to protect themselves and their business over helping their patients. you aren't the exception because your doctor has been nice. it's a problem caused by federal law, and nobody is immune to that. the following is only the most recent story i've seen of an experience like this at an american hospital. "*for people who think that the refusal to treat pain is just for chronic pain patients and they don't feel that they shouldn't help fix this issue. this is (name removed). she got severely burned on her arm and went to the emergency room she was denied any pain medication while she was there and was sent home with nothing and was also was not given anything for when they did the debridement. so if you think this problem won't effect you, think again.*" links to photos of burns (nsfw/l): [link one](<url>) [link two](<url>) _____ more information, written by another victim of the american pain crisis: a little cdc forced honesty from their new report released 8/31/18 at cdc.gov: opioid deaths: 14,487 of 325.7 million people died in 2016 from legal prescription opioids. that's .000004% of the population! now why is there a hysteria over prescription opioids? good question! especially when alcohol related deaths are 88,000 of 325.7 million. that's a much bigger number!! yet... no hysteria over alcohol 1.3 million people are injured and 35,000 die in car wrecks per year. just to give you a reference. a way bigger number. no hysteria over that. (edited to correct information) hmmm. maybe it's because this is how they reported opioid deaths to the media: 'drug overdose deaths in 2016 reached a new record high.' 'drug overdose mortality: a record number of drug overdose deaths occurred in 2016: 63,632, a record 19.8 per 100,000 person's.' (19.8/100,000 is still only .0001% but it looks bigger reported this way.) sounds like everybody is dying from opioids doesn't it? now why did they say 66,632 died when i said 14,487 up top? that's a big difference! well...cdc combined legal, law abiding citizen prescription opioid deaths, with illegal heroin, cocaine, and fentanyl deaths! why would anybody want to do that? it's kind of misleading isn't it? well...it makes a bigger number. where's all the hysteria and 'crisis' for the 1,300,000/325,700,000 each year dying of car wrecks!!? i can make that sound awful! and it is! but it's still only .003% of the population and people have decided it's worth the risk:benefit ratio to drive. and the government lets them. because of the way the cdc reported opioid deaths, and others' agendas, a wildfire of hysteria resulted, causing disabled by pain patients to lose their opioid medicine, their ability to function, their dignity as they are treated like drug addicts, and any quality of life. imagine an ice cream headache 24/7/365 covering different parts of your body. you can't think with this type of ceaseless pain. you want to die. this is something that is personal and each person has to decide the risks they take in life. risks are everywhere, and people have to decide if something is worth the benefit. it's called 'informed consent' when you know of the risk before you take it. shouldn't people in agonizing pain be able to decide if the risk:benefit ratio of .000004% is worth the benefit of being able to get out of bed and function? work? and not want to die from tortuous pain? doesn't make sense, single moms are facing homelessness as they can no longer work due to unbearable pain, ms, lupus, etc etc; also vets who risked their lives for our country with painful injuries, now lie there wanting to die. elderly people lie there sobbing with no relief, day after day, wishing they would die. where's the hysteria over that? we have no voice. people/media listen to those in power. not the multitudes suffering at their hands. please share the truth. all the above information can be found here: where things are in context. a lot harder to get information here than in the hysteria promoting news. and they're counting on that, apparently. reference [cdc.gov: 2018 annual surveillance report of drug-related risks and outcomes ](<url>) _____ further information, references and sources: <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url> <url>	10
my gf just left me... to go drop off food at one of our depressed friends houses, this is why i love her	3
going to get my wisdom teeth out in the morning, and i can't have anything to eat or drink. i'm at work for the next 7 hours and i'm craving a cup of coffee	16
fantasy / sci-fi quick reads? hi guys, i'm an avid reader that is currently working and doing university, both full-time and fixing up a house with the husband on the weekends, possibly not the wisest choice. anyway, i don't have much downtime at the moment but am really missing reading for pleasure. looking for somethings that i can pick up and put down quickly. i've already read robot dreams and the short stories collaborative collection called rogues, looking for similar stuff. any suggestions? thanks.	10
my grandfather is wonderful every year, most of the family goes on an extended weekend trip some way from home. and on the saturday, my grandfather buys everyone dinner at a fancy restaurant - easily paying a thousand dollars each time. anyways, these dinners are always great and filled with cheer's. so at one point i raise my glass to him and say "cheers, granddad" to which he replies "cheers, [name]". and then the smooth bastard goes on to say "you look good, [name], the best i've ever seen you. and i mean it!" when he says he means it, he ain't lying. he is 95 and raised proper. he does not ever lie or anything like that. as someone who's struggled with confidence all her life, this meant the world! i could take his compliment at face value and not doubt it as being layered beneath something else. he just said this because he felt like it, and that is what made it special, true, and wonderful	6
real talk - how do u deal with being caught by ur parents doing something bad i'm new to reddit. just got the app. hope this is coo to post ight so i have never been caught doing anything that bad. but... my parents still don't trust me. the only thing i kind of got caught for was skipping class... 54 classes actually... i legit got sent to a boarding school in london for a quarter and got my car taken away because of that. now i like to have to have fun yadadamean i goto a private school in the yay areaaa(who's from here tho lmao) and we got some fine females i'm not gonna lie. yk what's goin down lmao. my schools big on sports so after the games there're some lit parties a and kickbacks. never been caught for anything i've done at those before well my mom found a box of condoms in my room... my spaniard, very catholic mom. married to my very italian dad... ya see the issue here. my family is crazy, even my extended family. crazyyy asf. so what do u guys do when u get caught ? my ass can't lie to them if my life depended on it.	1
test to see if i have good homies yay i do	6
i'm hopefully, going to be a teacher hello there, \*ah, general kenobi\* sorry for that.... i'm kind of a nerd...... anyway, i'm currently studying a-level chemistry and btec lv3 engineering at college, and i have applied for an education/teaching course at some universities. if i get in to one and pass the course then i shall be a teacher, probably in the uk, and i was curious as to any changes that you wish your teachers had made to their lessons that i can take with me, and use to my advantage if and when i get to be one.... ok thanks alot, and have a nice day	6
i met someone amazing but i need your help! i met someone online playing a game and we really hit it off. i'm really glad to be friends with them and we talk everyday. even though we met two weeks ago we have become pretty close. we live in different states and connect a lot through culture. we both wanna call each other but idk why i'm still hesitant. why do i still feel hesitant? should i call them? i just don't know what's going on/what to do. thx y'all	6
should i show my special ability its *very* special if yk what i mean	17
my boyfriend (24m) won't keep weed out of my (23f) house, what do i do?? i've been dating my boyfriend for a year and some change, he's perfect in every way except this one thing. he smokes weed pretty often, it's completely legal where we live. i don't smoke because i'm in the military. we live together, i own the house that we live in (off base in the city) and he pays rent to me every month. when we decided that he was going to move in, i explained to him that he could not bring any of his weed-related things in the house, that he can't smoke in the house, and that he has to keep it away from my stuff due to the fact that it could literally ruin my career if i somehow accidentally went on base with it. (i was worried that something may get in my work bag, and my car is sometimes randomly searched by cops/drug dogs when i go on base). he told me that he completely understood and that i had nothing to worry about. i personally have nothing against weed, but my job does. ever since he moved in, he has not stayed true to our agreement. i have cameras outside my house and i have caught him bringing his bong/weed inside multiple times (to clean it, he says). every single time it happens, i tell him that it's not okay and to not do it again. every single time, he apologizes and does it again. today i came home for lunch and my dog pooped in the house (which is very unlike her), so i decided to check the cameras to see if my boyfriend took her outside when he came home from work... turns out that he didn't take her outside at all and that he brought his bong inside the house again. i'm at my wits end with this. i have approached this issue from multiple different angles and haven't had any success with getting through to him. he either just doesn't give a shit or he truly doesn't understand how one slip up could really fuck my career up. how the hell do i get through to him? help tldr: my boyfriend won't keep weed out of our house no matter how many times i ask him to.	4
i am the happiest i have been in months and it's really fricking swag . never thought things would get better even a couple weeks ago, but they do. i still have my rough days like all do. to all of you in a rough patch right now i know how it feels and you aren't alone in that. i felt hopeless at one point that i would just have to live the rest of my life in constant pain. i was hella wrong. things will eventually get better everyone please don't give up on yourself you're worth it my guy. it wasn't linear progress at all to get where i am and you have to keep that in mind. yeah that's it lol just wanted to say that. hope you all have a good day. if you're at the place that i was i feel for you man if you have no one to talk to shoot me a pm. i hope things start looking up for you. yeah sorry i keep rambling on smiling typing this just wanted to say it somewhere.	0
new wallpaper i change wallpaper on my phone when the temperature change. i found a lovely piece with warm color today. i'm happy each time i open my phone what is your relation with your electronics wallpaper?	6
shout out to the beggar on the i-205 motorway exit with the sign that said "don't put me on the internet" can't take a photograph because i was on the bus passing by, but good job.	18
my brother said this to me: "in this picture you look like a model, in real life you don't " i appreciate his honesty but	2
ruining some guranteed sexy time with my crush happened like 2 days ago so im still a bit disheartened . anyways, i always had a thing for arab girls. mainly syrian/palestinian, man they are attractive. i met this girl about 2 weeks back and weve been hanging out occasionally. fast-forward to 2 days ago. my roommate was having a party so i invited her too. we ended up making out towards the end of the night and i was just about to hit the jackpot when she asked if i had a condom before we took this to the bedroom. i dont know what the fuck dawned on me to say the following line for reference, im a big fan of wildinout and i just saw an episode with kevin hart, so i thought it'd be funny to make a reference to the show since we both love it. "of course! when i cum, i cum correct!" her eyes pierced my soul in the blink of an eye. it was too late to take it back. the gods shifted the scales and the tables were turned against me. in my experience, the worst possible outcome of telling a bad joke is explaining it right after. so we just sat there and we took 20 steps back (went from making out to chit-chat), i could tell she was drastically turned off. 2 mins later she waved goodbye and disappeared into the crowd. note to self: never make jokes before sexy time again. tl;dr: got cucked by kevin hart. p.s: if a joke like that turned her off then we definetly werent meant to be. but god she was hot.	9
i am 13 now officially joining r/teenagers!! my first post was deleted	4
you know what they say about people with big feet [spoiler] they need big shoes	17
i got my first ever silver today and i'm so proud i achieved something for once. thank you to the wonderful person who gave me it. i love this sub	1
omg i actually did it!!!!!! . . . . . . . i got your attention. hello have a great day and remember you're great whatever happens	18
can anyone solve this, even google doesn't know find the value of (1-i)^-i [complex numbers]	4
i asked my crush out... ...and she said yes!!! good, now that i spent 2 minutes of rough effort into this amazing story you all fantasize to, can i have some precious orange arrows now? thank y'all	0
i (23 y/o f) want to move in with my boyfriend (27 y/o m), but am dealing with a lot of backlash from my mom help hi relationships! tl;dr at bottom. i have posted here once before when trying to decide whether or not to have sex with my boyfriend due to my extremely religious upbringing. (we did and it's great, things are great. yay!) the next issue we're facing is co-habitation. my roommate is moving out of my apartment soon and it would be so much more convenient if my boyfriend moved in. right now we spend every other night at each other's places and it's honestly getting silly. i am in counseling and my counselor encouraged me to broach this subject with my extremely religious mom who gives me some financial support and a ton of emotional support. my mom and i are very close but i do feel like i have to hide several aspects of my life from her (i.e. sex). my relationship with her is very important to me. my parents recently went through a fairly messy divorce that brought my mom, sisters, and i closer together but has caused a lot of emotional trauma for my mom. all that to say, i did bring it up with my mom and it went horribly. i brought my younger (20) sister with me as a mediator and she ended up having to do a lot of the talking because i broke down crying. my mom just kept telling me this wasn't okay, it was sin, it doesn't matter what my reasons are. at one point i was listing all the reasons it makes sense and she countered with just "no" to every one, no other argument. she wouldn't listen to me so finally i left. my sis stayed (sister of the year) and talked to her and told her she had to listen to me instead of just shutting me down. my mom called and asked me to come back to her house, and then she let me talk. she said she wants me to pray really, really hard about it, and she wants me to talk to someone i consider a spiritual mentor about it because apparently all the other people i've talked to about it (including my licensed professional counselor) don't count. then she told me she wants me to think about how it's going to effect my extended family, and that while she'll always love and except me, if i do this she won't be okay with it and it'll always be a place of hurt for her (holy shit ) i haven't had a chance to go back to counseling yet but i do have an appointment scheduled. everyone else in our lives that we've talked to is supportive (not that it's anyone's business but it is a big decision). it's so hard because her argument is just "god" and "the bible" so any logical point i bring up she smacks down with religion. i feel that it's not my extended family's business, it's not even really my mom's business, and the spiritual mentor she wants me to reach out to is going to disagree but it's not any of her business either. i also feel like she wants me to pray because she thinks i'll decide not to do it. aaahhh. i love my mom a lot but damn she is acting absolutely batshit crazy. tl;dr i want to move in with my boyfriend. i tried to talk to my mom about it and she had a complete religious meltdown and is now trying to find ways to make me change my mind. i don't know how to go forward and live my life and also be okay with the rift it will cause with my mom. has anyone been in a similar situation? how did it work out long-term (with your parent, not necessarily your partner)? i'm trying to gather the courage to stand up and make my own decision but i'm also really terrified of the fall out.	12
why have i been cursed to enjoy penis	14
my friend has recently adopted the pronouns they/them and wish to be called "kai" so my friend (not kai) and i were backstage one day, and we were talking about them, and i said "she- wait- they, i'm talking about kylie- no, kai. so she- wait, i'm so sorry." and she laughed her ass off and said "i'm so happy that you tried so hard" and i awkward-laughed with her	1
i did it guys! i got a girlfriend and she asked me if we could date so now i feel like an pretty important guy in life even tho all i do is play minecraft and talk with her	0
do you want accountability buddies? sometimes it's difficult to just get things done without anyone there to motivate and encourage. if you want someone to hold you accountable on your goals or be nice and supportive, you can join our group on telegram!! we keep a check on each other and are super, super supportive of each other. the idea is to create an environment where we can talk about things that we can't talk about with anyone else. dm me for the group link! have a nice day/night!	6
i'm sad... me and the boys are sad too. i went to school for the first time in months to get my leaver's form met the boys hang out with the boys realized it may have been my last time with the boys i've been with them since i was 9 years old, man. now we're all going our seperate ways. i'll fucking miss them.	2
my act of bravery was driving to the grocery store. i've often laughed/shrugged off times when people have commended me for being "brave" when i was just doing something i enjoy (ie. public speaking or being a female involved in bjj or whatever). those are not acts of bravery for me, because they don't scare me. they require no "overcoming fear" to accomplish. they're just part of my personality and fun. my act of bravery this week was driving across town to the grocery store. why? because i got into a horrific car accident on monday. my 4 year old daughter and i lost control of our minivan on the ice and ended up sideways under a moving logging truck, which spun us around and knocked us into a few more cars. i am so grateful and happy to say my daughter and i miraculously walked away without a scratch. but my anxiety has been through the roof. the idea of getting behind the wheel and sharing these icy roads with big trucks again scares me shitless. but today i finally did it. i felt like i was going to die the whole time. panic was rising in me and i cried when i finally parked. but i freaking did it. that being said, i reeaaally hope driving around town doesn't require bravery for too long. i don't want to feel like i'm going to die every time i get behind the wheel from now on.	14
they always talk about cock and ball torture. but they never want to talk about clit and labia torture. i feel for you girls out there.	2
there's no dinner made for tomorrow. my parents told me i can go to any restaurant i want.	0
hey there, come brag about something you did recently that makes you proud? i just (as in i'm still sitting here waiting for my ride) finished another workout at the gym and i could actually do like 30 vertical knee raises!!! admittedly my form wasn't very good throughout but i felt super at ease lifting my legs when previously i could only do about 5 at most. this makes me realize that eating healthy is probably really important too as i've been meal prepping. also proud of a bunch of other stuff like i can run for 10 minutes straight now without stopping and i'm slightly more social these days! i'm trying to improve my life and these things probably aren't huge deals, but i was really..... not in a good state of mind for a while. anyway yes i might not do this well all the time, but for right now, can i just say: go me!!! how about you stranger :d come brag a bit because you deserve it!	8
give me the internet love hey guys today was my 16th birthday and i just wanted to collect my internet points and possibly some nice comments, that's all. love you	3
vent and help. lent money to an ex? bit of an essay here! take a seat i (27f) reconnected recently with financially irresponsible ex (47m) and lent him $1k over christmas as he is a contract worker. he said work messed up and didn't pay him his normal pay. things with us ended up being fwb as his life's a mess and i couldn't put my life on hold waiting for him to sort it out (been on and off for nearly 3 years now) . i lent him this money on the basis that he pay me back as soon as possible (back at work first week of jan - paid weekly). he said he could pay back $600 a week easily so i didn't think it was much of an issue. - the first week of payday he asked for my account details, kept checking my bank over the weekend and he didn't transfer. followed him up and he said he'll get round to it. on the mon he transfers me $200 but says he only has $100 to last the week now, stupidly i transferred it back because i didn't think that's enough to live on. - week after, same thing except he transfers $400 on the sunday after saying that's all the cash the atm took (why he's depositing cash into his account i don't know). - week after, was meant to catch up with him on the friday but ended up being too late. chased him up this monday to see if he could pay me next friday and he says 'yeah that would be good but i can give you some if you're desperate'. - at this point,my health has taken a bit of a turn and i need to now budget together a significant sum of cash fairly quickly. i didn't want him to know what was going on as its quite personal (ha not in that way) so i just said i need it for some dental work. - he sends me a message late that night saying he's 'deposited $300 but feel free to send it back like last time'. it was at this point that i snapped and basically told him i need it for my health and he needs to grow the f**k up. that was the last time we spoke and surprise suprise, it's payday and he's finally deposited the money with a little extra ($50) weirdly i feel guilty keeping the extra but what would you do? i can transfer it back but really don't want it to be seen as a sign of contact as i'm just done now. tl;dr. lent money to irresponsible ex - took weeks to pay back and after fight paid back within the week + extra. should i give the extra back?	1
if you have a horny alt ur a wuss, i use my main if im horny aswell that being said dm me	0
momma daughter threesome so this young man in is a bar, when he sees this gorgeous late 40's milf smiling at him, smoking hot with a fabulous buxom body, he asks to buy her a drink and she agrees, and they flirt away, then she whispers in his ear...."you ever had mom and daughter three some?" he's thinking of how hot the daughter is if the mom is this smoking and instantly says yes, they're riding home in the taxi and she's all over him and he's imagining a young hot fit daughter thrown into the mix.. they get at her house and the milf opens the door and shouts upstairs... ."maa you still awake"	0
elementary school is meant to prepare you for middle, middle for highschool, highschool for college, college is the ultimate preparation for real life (duh nuh nuh naaahh) and what is life suppose to prepare you for? death. break the cycle, just die early. they won't see it coming.	18
what song makes you the saddest? this one never fails to make me cry like a baby nicole - hotel books.	1
boys and girls (and anyone inbetween) of reddit! i have come to say something literally nobody cares about! i am going to sleep pls be nice	6
i(22f) drunk called my bf(23m) of 2 years yesterday and i feel so embarassed i am a lightweight. so normally i just go for 1-2 beers. but yesterday was just so fun and i got really drunk. today i woke up and saw my phone and i found out i called him 2 times yesterday. we talked almost for like 20 mins. the only thing i remember is me saying i love you a lot... like in every language i know and saying i just wanna marry you, you are so perfect blah blah.... he didnt freak out cuz we talk about marriage a lot and we r going to move in soon... but im just so embarrased. i have never done something like this and he didnt bring it up today but later when we call i think i gotta ask him about how i was. has anyone had something like this? tl;dr: i drunk called my bf and be a little too much affectionate. and i feel so embarassed now. am i overthinking this? or should i stop drinking alcohol	1
capitalism got me like haha jk i was lucky to be born in a white middle class family. anyway communism bad am i right guys?	2
anxiety with chips last week, me and my family went to a martin's chip factory. i was hugging myself the entire time trying to keep calm because i felt like we were bothering some of the workers there by going into their freaking workplace. somehow, the rest of my family walked into the small store attached to the factory with no problem. they bought some chips (of course) and signed up for a tour of the factory... if i wasn't so anxious this would have been great, but no, now i was kinda shaking at this point. today my mom dragged us to the tour. my sister stayed in the car and i was trying to walk up to the factory. of course i was shaking and i kept my hair in my face. yay, there was a shitload of people there too so that's gonna make this tour amazing right? it kinda did because i knew that i wasn't gonna be alone. but i still felt anxious almost to the point where i might've cried. i went to the car after telling my mom i didn't feel good and i surprisingly got away with that. now i'm sitting here typing this trying to breathe slowly this all sounds stupid typed out but i hope this was an ok story even though no one asked for it lol	18
u guys have fetishes? what's your guys most weird fetish if you have any at all?i need to make sure i'm not a total freak	16
staying in school is for losers cool kids stay in psych wards for attempted suicide	0
remember the good old days when i was actively commenting on posts in new. now i just post cringy stuff	2
can i be somebody's footrest pwease i'm bored _____________________________________________________________________________________________	13
my (f32) ex (m32) ghosted me after a passionate but short relationship. he has come back after 8 months but seems to only want to be my coach. i still love him, what should i do? what do you think of his personality? so here is the story: my ex and i went to the same horse riding school as kids. we were rarely there around the same time but we know all the same people. that place, its people and its memories basically shaped us to who were are now as adults. last year, our coach who was a legendary rider and my ex's best friend passed away. devastated by the loss, we met each other after 17 years at his funeral and reconnected. he seemed infatuated with me in the beginning. he gave me exactly the kind of love and attention i had always craved. it felt as though i was dating someone whom i had pulled out of my fantasies: a handsome horse rider, amazing sense of humor, tall, confident, with a man bun ;) at first, he wanted to spend several hours a day together. he very soon introduced me to all his family. in our first week of dating we went to a family wedding and thereafter we attended all the family gatherings, spent time with his parents and sisters almost every night, etc. his family loved me and it seemed like he truly loved me as well. one day, as i was laying down next to him. i felt that he was cold and distant. he would not even touch me or hug me. i asked him what was going on and he said that he was scared of how much he loved me. he said that he felt like a wild animal that was being tamed, and that scared him (i know it sounds corny but please bear with me). i tried to talk to him about what it meant to him to love someone, etc. we didn't really get anywhere. he became very quiet and distant. and i , feeling insecure, said that i had to leave because he was shutting me out. looking back, i understand that i acted out of my insecurities and that was a shitty thing to do. now getting to our sexual chemistry, i felt incredibly drawn to him and seemed drawn to me as well. the first two times we had sex, i did not orgasm which seemed normal to me because of everything being new, etc. he took this as a blow to his self esteem and did not want to have sex with me for a week or so. after that, we had sex one more time which seemed great to me and to him as well. but right after, he got up and got dressed. when i asked him where he was going, he said he was going to a party . it was friday night and he said he wanted to party with his friends and didn't want his gf there, which seemed weird. not that he shouldn't have gone to a party without me, but this seemed to be in such contrast with how passionate he was before. so suddenly right after our first good sex, he gets up to go to a party on a friday night. anyhow, this made me upset because i felt that he was pulling away and i didn't know why and he wasn't open to talking about it. but instead of keeping my cool and trying to understand him, i basically lost my shit the day after and sent him a nasty text about how little he cared about my feelings and that he only prioritized his friends, etc. he was reluctant to talk about this, understandably so, and he became more cold and distant everyday thereafter. now i need to mention that he seemed to be very reliant on alcohol. i wouldn't call him an alcoholic, but just to give you some perspective on his personality type. so, our whole relationship only lasted a month and a half. towards the end, i said to him that he rarely wanted to talk to me and that maybe he wanted to break up but wanted me to do it. he said that was not the case but then stopped talking to me all together. when i asked him what was going on, he said he was feeling preoccupied and that he'd contact me later. he never did. after a couple of months, i made a couple of attempts to get some sort of closure. even though he'd respond to my texts, he'd avoid talking to me or seeing me to talk about any sort of closure. i was devastated. even though it was a short relationship, it gave me something i had never had before. a sense of family and belonging. an all-consuming love and i just couldn't bear the thought that i had ruined something good in my life. i spent almost every hour of every day thinking about him, wondering how i could get back with him, going to therapy, reading self-help books, trying to understand why i loved him so deeply and what was making it so hard to get over him. i learned a lot about myself but nothing changed how i felt. 8 months passed and out of nowhere, he contacted me and said he was looking for the xrays of a certain horse and he knew that i'd have them. we got talking and i said to him that how he left things was unfair and he could have at least talked to me about why he didn't want to be with me instead of ghosting me. he said it was because his father had an open heart surgery and his family was dealing with that and that everyone was depressed. although i empathize with how hard that mist have been, still didn't explain why he didn't want to be with me. to which he responded he doesn't "remember now". (i also ran into him in an event and saw him with another girl a few months after we broke up). then we got to talking about horses and he offered that i come and see some of his horses (i'm searching for a new horse). i thought he was just being polite but then he followed up on the offer after a week. so basically now, over the past two months, we've been seeing each other 2-3 times a week. he has been coaching me and taking me to different riding centres. all the while staying very business-like and only talking shop. now, he's suggesting that i buy his friend's horse and says that he'll coach me to get back into eventing and that he'll guarantee this horse will change my life and that he'd make me a champion . on one hand, the thought of seeing him every day excites me. on the other hand, it's torture to see someone you're in love with acting all cold and distant towards you like you are just an acquaintance. the contrast between how things were back when he loved me and how he is now is just unbearable. (it's also noteworthy that he recently blocked me on whatsapp even though i rarely ever text him, unless i need to confirm our schedule or something. when i confronted him and asked him if i was in any way interfering with his personal life, he lied and said he hadn't blocked me and had just deleted his whatsapp etc). if you've read this far and have tolerated my rant, please tell me whatever comes to your mind about this situation, me, him, our dynamics, your impression of his personality or if you have any advice. i know the sane thing would be to leave this chapter behind, stay in therapy and just learn from it. at least i would not get hurt again. but i'm feeling lost. loving someone like this rarely happens for me, so i feel like i can't just let it go. i want to accept his offer, be his student and see where this journey takes us, but also i know how hurt i feel every time i see him and know that he probably has someone else and doesn't wanna be with him. also, talking openly and honestly with him doesn't seem to be an option. he always avoids such talks and shuts me down. tl;dr: my ex ghosted me after a passionate 1.5 month relationship. he reached out after 8 months over a non relationship related issue and now wants to be my coach. what's your impression of his personality? what should i do next given that i'm still in love with him?	11
i'm happy. for the first time in a while, i'm genuinely happy. things couldn't have been better this year. i won't go into detail but last month, i passed everything related to driving in the 1st try, from the theory tests, first aid tests and driving itself. i got into a great college where i met some really cool people, and tonight i'm going out with one of the girls from the college. she's a different major and the same year as me, but has the same courses/lectures like i do so i felt like i shouldn't just suppress my feelings (how cliche ) and while i didn't tell her the whole thing, i just asked her to go out with me tonight and she happily said yes so yeah. hopefully i don't mess it up somehow ha.	8
aren't trainings fun? that was sarcasm, if you couldn't tell i'm at an all day training that i'm not super excited about. what are you doing today? anything you'd rather be doing?	19
i need a girlfriend to end my crippling loneliness! i don't really need one nor do i want one. it'd just be nice to have someone of the opposite gender to talk to about life and stuff ya know? just kinda looking for someone that could be a big help especially when i'm in need of a friend. i'm 17 btw	1
how i figured out my grandmother was a lesbian when i was younger, i wasn't accepting of lgbtq. this was because i was brainwashed by my christian school that god didn't want. (even though god loves everyone christianity is confusing) my family decided not to tell me that my grandmother was a lesbian. some years later i was like 11 or 12-ish (i accepted lgbtq at the time). my grandmother had a "friend" (while growing up my parents just called her girlfriends her bestfriends) and she was living with us. i was upstairs in the living room, my grandmother and her friend in the kitchen. i think my grandmother asked me to bring her a workout dvd from out her room. i go up to her room and see a dvd faced down. i thought it was a the workout dvd my grandmother wanted. i pick it up and see a woman in panties and no bra the title of the dvd said "fuck men, let's eat" (i searched this up this year and it's actually a porn film that came out 2003). i quickly put the dvd back in its place and told my grandmother that i couldn't find she told me she'll find it later then. we go into more modern time and i told my mom about dvd (i'm 14 now) my mom looks at me and tells me my grandmother is a lesbian and all of her friends were actually girlfriends. i didn't mind this since i accepted lgbtq (and i was a closet bisexual at the time). but whenever i talk about the dvd now my parents both howl in laughter. my grandmother doesn't know still.	7
i wanna like, idk, do somn i should sleep ion wanna it do be 01:56 doe but mehhh also school fuck i hope it gets cancelled	4
does anybody want me to do a portrait of them? i'm bored reply down here with a photo and i'll do my best to draw you	0
my crab is a tiny idiot hi reddit, just wanted to tell you all a story about our tiny idiot of a red clawed crab, his name is sebastian. he molted this weekend for the first time since we've had him. for those who aren't familiar with these little nuggets, they're supposed to eat their old exo skeleton to regain calcium so you leave it in the tank. last night he was strutting around the tank (as he does), turned the corner, and got scared of his exo skeleton which had been in the same place for two days and he just forgot. he then hid for two hours before forgetting why he was hiding and continued to strut around the tank and scaring himself again. we finally removed his un eaten shell, i think it's doing more harm than good in there	1
i got my ears sewn up!! as a disclaimer, i still love stretched ears, so i'm not dissing on body mods whatsoever. it's just not for me. due to a lack of parental supervision and the inability to realize the longevity of my decisions, at 16, i stretched my ears out to nearly an inch over course of a year and half. for those unfamiliar, that's about he size of a quarter, (yes that's way too fast to stretch and yes it was an excruciating experience as far as the pain goes). i loved it for awhile, but i personally grew out of the style. that being the being the primary motive to have this procedure done. regardless,stretching my ears was my own decision, i just wish my parents had intervened. so i take responsibility for that. although with that being said, i also appreciate that they let me be me, thanks mom & dad, love ya! a little over a month ago i got them sewn up. my dermatologist did an amazing job! to me, it was worth every penny of the $1100. i'm going into the medical field and body mods are typically frowned upon (which is fucking stupid, for a lack of better words). this is the secondary reason as to why i got them sewn up. i just looked in the mirror and saw myself and felt happy. i was very silly as a teenager. i'm really glad that my careless decision no longer follows me and effects my daily life. thanks for listening!	6
there are 2 million members of this sub statistically speaking, at least one of us could be famous when we grow up so that'd be cool. anyway i'll remember all 2 million of you when i make it	0
is it normal to take someone out to breakfast? i kinda want to take my someone out to get like a scone or something at nearby coffee shop, just kinda want to see how she's doing. i just don't know if this is really something people do, its a very dumb question i know, i just haven't ever done it so i dunno	9
when you know you know, and i don't think that is naive! he broke up with me a little bit ago. in my heart, in my bones, it is not the end of our story. i will live my life, i will be open to new things, i will love myself. i will not sit around and hope and dream, because i know i don't have to. and i know that we will come back to each other again someday. it may be a long time from now. and others may come and go. but when you know, you know.	3
i lashed out at a good friend and now i'm regretting it. what should i do? so basically as the title says, i lashed out at a friend at the gym and now i feel bad about it, especially since hes a good person. i'm 20 hes 22 both from oz a bit of backstory: this dude has never said anything bad to me and has always been nice. we arent gym buddies but we usually see each other in the gym. hes very helpful around the gym and as a person hes quite good too. i sometimes get annoyed when he talks to me when i have my bluetooth earpiece on so i thought my anger was justified. then i realized something this one day at the gym. its common, in fact most people talk to each other especially during rest between sets and this is what my friend did to me and now i realize how wrong and unfair i was when i lashed out. i became unreasonably pissed and i snapped at him and told him how i wish he would stop talking to me ever. that day he sent me a text saying how hes noticed how ive been in a bad mood lately, and if i need someone to talk to hed still be available, but he'll give me some space. i have not seen him since nor have i responded or texted him whatsoever. i feel so ashamed at how i reacted to someone as cool as him. at no point did he even cuss me out eventhough i'm sure he knew exactly how to destroy a person like me. i'm quite an insecure person with self esteem issues. i can't help but think nowadays whats going through his mind because of me. i'd text but i'm really not use to deep sentimental convos...communication isnt my strong point. even opening up in this post was difficult. i just wonder if he'd take me back as a friend tl;dr i lashed out and im regretting it edit: before some people message me saying my friend may have posted something similar here, i contacted the person on my other acc the other day actually and no, its not him haha	1
just nutted for the 4th time today earlier i ate some peanuts then i had some cashews a little later, then some almonds and now i just ate some hazelnuts. yummy.	0
god lowkey cool tho like mans sent his son to die for our sins and shit lowkey fire play from my mans	5
yo.. here me out here: tiddies... i'm lonely	2
doctor saw my dick she did	2
i [28f] recently tried poly for the first time with [28m]. seen some troubling things that his partner [21?f] blames on depression, but it doesn't seem related. her actions have impacted me a few times now, he is oblivious. address it or walk? so, i [28f] have been seeing someone [28m] in a poly relationship [21f] for about a month. i know you're probably already like "it's been a month and you have questions, tell him boy bye," but there are a few complicating factors. namely, i have never been involved with poly before. i am involved in my local kink scene, so i've obtained a fair amount of secondhand knowledge people i know to be highly successful and strictly ethical in their polyamory. that said, being a nerd about it is not the same as living it, so i am coming to you for some outside perspectives. i also really, really like this person. i've never met his partner, but based on some actions i've witnessed and some history he has described, i have some concerns that his partner is not healthy emotionally, and, by extension, that their relationship isn't the healthiest either. my main concern is that i'm not sure how much this effects me if i steer very clear and maintain a "don't ask, don't tell" policy w/r/t to her. i am in a place in my life where i know exactly what i need right now. my boundaries are strictly defined, and i have no trouble enforcing them in a healthy way. i communicate directly and honestly, and have no time for anything less. ethical non-monogamy appeals to me because i enjoy playing with others in the bdsm scene and i don't want to give that up, and i'm also bi, and i've felt like i've been avoiding any commitment lately, because my experience has so often been that if i'm going to be doing things with other women, the man must be involved. which usually left me feeling like my sexuality was a performance, no matter how good his intentions were, and sometimes, i'm just not interested in dick at that particular moment. let a woman live, ya know? that said, i'm not getting any younger, and now that i've done some exploration and know myself so well, i've recently become willing to try out relationships again, but only poly and kinky ones cause this tiger ain't changing her stripes. chemistry was off the charts with this guy since the moment we met. he already feels like an old friend. he is also bi and into the same things, so the disconnect i felt in previous relationships is totally off the table. there is no emoji nor turn of phrase to express how good the sex is. that said. the partner's really chapping my ass from afar. incident one. keeping the details scant to spare my inbox. we were involved in some play involving me inflicting pain upon myself (safely!). he and his partner had plans to go to someone's house for dinner later. we start playing around lunchtime, and he lets me know that she'll come meet him near me in a few hours from now. cool! plenty of time. literally at the moment i am (enthusiastically, consensually, pls don't confuse this as the issue) inflicting a peak amount of pleasurable pain on myself, eyes shut in fun times, he's silent and i check what's up and he's on his phone saying she's here now and he needs to go right now. no aftercare, barely a goodbye. this is about 45 minutes after the initial text that she would be there in several hours, and again, this is lunchtime. they are meeting for a dinner. i'm furious, i ghost him for a few days as not to keep my cool and ream this motherfucker out. i had some friends who are kinda like poly/kink gurus help me work this through and craft a response more effective than "fuck you forever dickhead." it works surprisingly well, he articulates exactly how he failed me and why that never should have happened. he changes things. he also justified this by saying his partner was "really depressed" and "crying at the station." i am a mental health advocate. i've been to this rodeo before. that said, ooooooo ... kay. i let him know straight up that having depression doesn't give you carte blanche to act however you like, and more specifically infringe upon the time and boundaries of others. he's not anybody's therapist or saviour, and even if he was a therapist, you leave a voicemail and they'll get back to you, and frankly, if you're so distraught you're a sobbing in public and you're no longer able to function enough to send a "hey i'm actually leaving now, really sorry to do this but i'm in a bad way, i'll see you in 25" text, you need crisis intervention, not your boyfriend. showing up unannounced is not cool in any context. he agreed. later, i learned that his previous relationship was emotionally abusive and suffocating, and also, that they have only been poly for a few months. i was under the impression that it had always been open (but this may have been an assumption of mine). this has only been this way since last summer, when she'd arranged to meet him in public to dump him for supposedly not being supportive enough of her depression. instead of breaking up, she let him i guess grovel and plead to learn and understand and do better. he said to me he had been "really awful" about it because he'd done things like "take it personally when she didn't want to hang out," which, as a proud fuckin high-functioning nutcase myself, seems reeeeeeealllllly minor in the scheme of shitty things people do when they don't understand mental health issues. that sounds to me like more of a teachable "hey, i need my space and boundaries when i'm low, it has nothing to do with you" text moment than letting it build up to a dramatic public breakup showdown. and he said this completely straight, like he'd internalized he was reformed garbage. anyway, instead of breaking up, they decided to open up the relationship. i really fail to see how going poly educates someone about mental health. if there is a correlation here, somebody please for the love of god let me know because wtf. i'm trying my best to meditate on this and withhold my judgments because i wasn't there and i'm only hearing about this secondhand, but when i sit with it, all it comes back to is that this was a) fabricated out of impulse without a whole lot of thought or research into what polyamory is and how it will change things going forward, and b) manipulative as all hell - it's all his problem, he's not taking enough ownership of her issues, he ought to be punished by being dumped right now (in public!) instead of gently corrected in the moment throughout the course of their relationship as behaviours and attitudes that weren't helpful popped up. instead of giving him a good book or a brene brown video or hooking him up with one of the eleventy resources we are lucky to have for youth in our city. also, the first night we hung out, he said he and his roommates were going to be throwing a big nye party at their place. i know he specifically said their place because funny enough, my ex used to live across the street and had a view of their ideal for parties rooftop. i thought about it, and when it was still going strong a few weeks later, i declined other plans to go to this thing. now he's saying i'm wrong, it's actually at his partner's place. no explanation for why i'm not just as welcome there, as she would have attended any party at his place, and we would have met just the same, but is any explanation really needed at this point? anyway, he told me just last night about these changed plans, so now i've missed out on a ride to an event with friends out of town and now i'm shit out of luck by myself on new years in a new city. i went into this happy to meet and be friendly with the partner. jealousy isn't the name of my game and i've also literally lived on a commune, so sharing is cool with me. but the i started to get the vibe that this partner is young and immature and dealing with mental health issues bigger than anyone involved realizes, and is trying to play puppet master rather than own up and say hey, maybe this was a heat of the moment band-aid repair. i do not feel like she wants to see her very doting and loving partner be happy, apparently nothing he does is right, and the goalposts move all the time. it really upsets me to a) see such a sweet and oblivious person be so jerked around all the time, and b) - and especially b) - to see this kind of nasty, manipulative behaviour masked with a neat little sympathetic "depression" label. that's just not what that is, and as someone actively working in their community to confront mental health stigma and advocate for mental health reform, it's just so damn retrograde and it really gets under my skin on a personal level. people already have enough misinformed ideas about depression really just being attention-seeking. this does not help anyone. i'm really torn. i would like to continue with him, but that's not realistic until he has a real reckoning with himself and defines much clearer boundaries with his other relationship. i have zero expectation that he end it or anything, i am fine to share. but i am not fine to share with someone whose messy behaviour is going to keep hurting him, and bleeding over into my day-to-day as well. this behaviour just doesn't sit well with me anymore and i feel like whether i stay or go, i need to be honest. he keeps getting hurt in relationships, and if it stays open, others are going to get hurt by this bullshit too. is it my place to tell him? or do i just cut my losses and cross my fingers i feel this chemistry again? tl;dr - tried poly for the first time, found incredible chemistry and compatibility. learned and observed some things that lead me to doubt that his partner has the emotional resilience to sustain a healthy relationship. my time, boundaries, and emotions have been stepped on a few times, and i'm not sure if it's my place to address this, as he seems totally oblivious, or just walk away. based on my lived experience, i have a real hard time squaring this person's actions with "mental health." anyway now i'm with my cat on nye, but at least when she fucks with me it's cute? edit: he texted me to say happy new year, i said thanks, jsyk i need some space to think about some things and i'm going to get back to you in the new year. he asked if things were okay and i said i don't want to lie to him so no they're not, but i'm just not able to articulate why at the moment, so please just hold off for a bit. he seems perfectly fine with this and is acting an awful lot like he's not completely fucked me over with my nye plans and is as oblivious and "have fun!!!" as ever	11
i [19m] secretly hope that my girlfriend [18f] will cut ties with her parents. her dad and stepmom are extremely controlling and toxic, she agrees with me on that, but i would still never ask her to cut them off. her mom and stepdad, however... completely unrealistic expectations for us. i get it, her dad got full custody and raised her, but because of the environment of that household, she moved out when she turned 18 and after graduation a few months ago. as a result her mom desperately is trying to make up for lost time. but what she doesn't get is that her daughter is becoming more independent and we are in a committed and loving relationship. so let me give you an overview of the issue with them: my girlfriend is currently about 5-6 months pregnant (prom lol), and unfortunately we didn't tell anyone until 4 months in. i should have listened to my brother, he said, "dude, you have to tell them. if you don't they will pick up on the fact that y'all are keeping a secret, and since she's spending so much time with you, they're gonna assume the worst about you." (note that her mom had been in 2 abusive relationships before, and is arguably in one now. my girlfriend has been with one guy before me who was so abusive she had to switch schools) (also, when i say parents, i'm referring to her mom and stepdad) well what my brother said happened. we wanted to determine whether or not we would have an abortion, and wanted to make the decision ourselves without any outside influence. i only lived with my mom at the time and she had no issue with privacy. but my girlfriend was amongst a big family, and a mom trying to make up for lost time (i don't blame her mom for that). since she lived an hour away, i still visited multiple times a week, but we talked on the phone, a lot. since she was trying to maintain the secret, anytime she was with her family and i called, she would leave and go into private (didn't find out she did this until afterwards). her parents (mom and stepdad), got extremely suspicious and blamed me. telling her i was being mentally abusive, controlling, objectifying, and trying to isolate her. hell, when her 12 year old brother was speaking highly of me, her mom said, "i don't think he's awesome at all. he shows all the red flags of an abuser!" she had been in a few bad relationships before. her stepdad said that me driving her to school or vice versa was a "power play" on my part because i apparently want to keep tabs on her (which is not the case whatsoever, we were literally just carpooling to save gas, since i lived an hour away, i would drive to her house and we would go using her car, occasionally mine, it worked out because our classes were around the same time.) they didn't hint as to their thoughts at all. it all came suddenly and unexpectedly. the very next day they gave her an ultimatum. "we can't have him objectifying you and creating a bad example for your other siblings, it's him or us!" she chose to go with me (i was in my truck because it was a conversation between them). fast forward a month and we're living in an apartment close to them (was in the process of moving down to that area anyways for school). we decide that we may struggle at first, but we will keep the baby (recently found out it's a boy ). by this point my mom knows and supportive 100%. she tells her parents and they take it well. they say that "everything lines up now", and that they'll put everything behind them. they will support us. sounds good, right? well the apartment we were in smells like smoke because according to our neighbor, the lady living there before smoked cigars for 15 years. the smoke smell wasn't that big of an issue for us, but when her parents found out, they started constantly pushing us to move to their place because of third hand smoke. so after doing some research into it, we agreed that we should leave the apartment as it could be bad for the baby. and now it goes downhill. we were discussing whether or not to live with her parents or my mom. 1. this is because her stepdad is kind of controlling, both of her brothers have told me that on her own, one even said, "he just controls everything mom does". my girlfriend talked about how it was his idea for the ultimatum. according to my girlfriend, even though her mom didn't agree, he apparently would not listen and forced her to go along with it. 2. another reason is because me and my girlfriend weren't making enough money at our job to cover rent. no worries though i had sent out applications and had gone to multiple interviews 3. another reason is because me and her stepdad are incompatible. you see, i didn't grow up doing that many chores, there weren't as many since it was just me and my mom. so i had a lot more free time to do whatever (skyrim lol). example: they had a yard sale to raise some money for rent. now we started setting up for the yard sale at about 5:00am. so by the time it was later in the afternoon we all went inside. since we saw everyone was just relaxing, me and my girlfriend decided to go upstairs and take a nap. well after about 30 minutes she got up to start bringing stuff in (she was the only one who did), i was still asleep and was so for a total of 3 hours. i didn't even know she had done that and when i went downstairs i saw everyone still relaxing, so i started playing video games with her brother and little sister. then my girlfriend, who was on the other side of the house, went outside again to start bringing more stuff inside. i didnt even know. then her mom called out, "would someone please help her?" as soon as i heard that, i set down the controller, and went outside to help (her mom has fibromyalgia and can't do much without pain). the next day her parents have a discussion with us, saying it's aimed at me. her stepdad says, "she (my girlfriend) suggested that she would mow lawns for some extra cash. if the pregnant mother of my child said that, i would disgusted with myself and felt like i wasn't doing enough. in addition she laid family heirlooms out to sell, and you didn't. you could've sold your ps4, but you didnt. she was out there bringing stuff in when you were taking a 3 hour nap. and when you did help, you had to be told. you're being lazy and not doing enough. neither of you will be good parents if you don't straighten up. and if you're not a food father figure, i'll be the baby's father figure." the entire time after i'm thinking about how yes, i have discussed selling the ps4, but my girlfriend said that since we use it a lot, to not sell it. i sold what i could, but i don't exactly have "family heirlooms". i didn't even know about her suggesting to mow lawns, i didn't know she got up after 30 minutes, and i when i heard she was out bringing stuff in, i literally dropped everything to go help! i've never done a yard sale so i don't know if there's some designated time to bring stuff in, and it's not like my pregnant girlfriend said, "hey, i'm gonna go bring stuff inside" and i just chose to keep gaming, i would never! how was i supposed to know she was even out there? also, the audacity to say that you'll be my son's father figure! the rage is real. during that talk i proactively explained the best i could the part of how i didnt exactly know what needed to be done, since this was new to me, his literal response was, "i should just know what to do". bah! at least i wasn't on my own though, my girlfriend agreed that they were being unfair. despite this stuff i try to accommodate the best i could. her parents said we should take a semester off, which we do, and then i get a full time job with good pay (remember how i talked about sending applications and going to interviews?). then we decide that we will just do a one week trial of living there. so right before we move in i told them that since i'm not used to doing a whole lot, i would need to be told what needed to be done just long enough for me to learn the ropes of a bigger household and family. they agree and said that that's fair. after 2 days her stepdad said to the mom that he feels like we're "using them" because we're not paying her car, we haven't gotten on food stamps and wic. after two days! that's not even enough time to settle in. in addition, the reason we hadn't started stamps or wic is because since it was a trial week, it would just create a hassle if we decided to live at my mom's because we would have to get it set up again since those programs are per county. on day 4 i got sick and couldn't go into work. his response to that was that i'm being lazy, and that even if i'm throwing up with a fever, i should just take medicine and go into work. the fuck??? by day 6 we had just decided that if there were all these problems in the trial week, living there just wasn't gonna work (think of it as seeing red flags on a first date). my girlfriend's stress level was very high which isn't good for the baby. and we understood that they wanted us on food stamps because it's not fair that they're paying for us and the other kids. but our side is valid too that it doesn't make much sense to do that during a trial week. this is simply a basic incompatibility. on that same night they "talk" to us. her stepdad has a notebook of the things we "agreed to" (that he made himself when we weren't around). talking about how we weren't following it. he was talking very aggressively and waving his fingers and hands at us. then he asked if we thought it was gonna work living with them. then i said no, and he replied in a condescending tone, "why not". i then went into detail explaining the aforementioned incompatibility. and then he interrupted saying it's unfair how they have to pay for food (this is proof he wasn't listening, because i had acknowledged that before.) and then i said very sternly while he was saying that stuff, "and that is why we are moving out." he then smiled and asked, "when?" we told them tomorrow. then they went downstairs and called my girlfriend down. they tried to convince her i wasn't doing enough and that i should leave and she stay. her mom was also mad because i remained completely emotionless when they talked to us (that's just how i cope with the anxiety of a serious talk), and that she took it as a big fuck you and that i didn't care. they also said i wasn't doing enough for her because i was paying my rent first instead of car insurance, saying i was putting my needs ahead of hers (which is stupid, my mom's credit is on the line because it's in her name, plus i'd rather have a place to live than a car, that's just common sense). her stepdad was mad because i got a bit defensive, he said he was aggressive on purpose because he wanted me to be like her siblings and just apologize and be nice. but he got really mad when he heard her mom talk about how she was mad, and he gave me 30 minutes to leave that night because i had upset his wife. they were also upset because i talked over them. that's the part that really gets me, he asked me a questioned, aggressively interrupted, and gets mad when i sternly raise my voice to finish what i'm saying? i'm sorry, but if you swing a sword at me, i'm raising a shield. they're mad because i didn't bend a knee. my girlfriend doesn't want us to be separated by them, so during the 30 minutes i had to pack, she did the same. i wouldn't have blamed her for staying, but i can't stay i'm not happy that she stood with me. they say that since we're young, we won't get a chance to grow independently, and so my girlfriend and my son should live with them while i stay at my mom's. and i can visit. the whole growing independently thing is totally baloney, maybe if we didn't have a kid, but being a parent is a big part of one's identity. to even suggest that i be separated from my son and that i could visit makes my blood boil. they say they want me to grow into the good adult they see me as, but i'm not their kid, i'm there inlaw, i'm. not. their. kid. her stepdad has claimed before he wants to be my "father figure", but i'm about to be a dad, i may not have one, but i can say with complete certainty i'll be a good one. they even had the nerve to say my mom was an "enabler" because of "the way i am". they've only met her once and it was just a small conversation at the yard sale! to bring my mom into this is absurd! i got new job with better pay, and we bow live with my mom. as of now anytime we go there, her stepdad always makes some snarky remark to my girlfriend hinting that i'm not doing enough. i don't like going over there knowing some smartmouth and degrading comment is always gonna be made about me behind my back that devalues me as a father. i absolutely hate them. i wish for them to be out of my life. me and my girlfriend have already agreed the child will not spend the night there ever, nor will they be left alone with them. neither of us want them to influence our boy, no matter the amount. tldr: i wish my pregnant girlfriend would cut ties with her toxic parents for the sake of our son.	8
just finished "good morning, midnight" by lily brooks-dalton & i am completely undone. this book was nothing like i expected, and has left me completely undone. weeping on my couch. it's deep, provocative, stirring. it will likely be a a book i come back to.	4
having a hard time with life right now my main problem is that i haven't been able to stop thinking about my ex girlfriend. it drives me insane, we broke up in march of last year and it still hurts. i see her in my thoughts, i used to not dream, but now i frequently see her in my dreams, often with other men. everyone tells me time will fix it but it's coming up to a year since it happened. it's affecting my everyday life. i have an extreme difficulty focusing in school because of it, and so now i am taking a break, working to pay off some of my school that i didn't do well in. my friends are obviously tired of hearing me complain about it. i mean it's been *months*, whenever i spend time with any of them i try not to bring it up, but sometimes it just occurs with a story from that point in my life. and this point in my life seems critical in my mind. i've been with other girls since then, and it still affects me. she has a recent boyfriend, an ex of hers actually. she's contacted me asking to sleep with me before then. i did it and i think everyday about how i should have talked to her instead of pretend like i wasn't hurt. the breakup was abrupt and likely my fault. i was having some sort of anxiety/panic attack and she wasn't understanding or humoring me. over text. i should have called her. instead i let that anxiety eat me before i sent her a long, convoluted text expressing my discomfort to move in. i knew she wouldn't react well to it. she didn't. i don't know. it's hard with anxiety talking to girls. not having an extreme amount of friends, so most girls i see, i just casually ask if they'd be interested in lunch . hardly works. she's just unlike any other girl in my head. i don't even really believe i loved before her. but she just wouldn't validate me when i needed it sometimes...	1
my jeans are big enough to slip off easier than a skirt flips up! title pretty much sums it up. my diet and exercise plan hasn't been showing much loss on the scale but these jeans used to require the suck-in-and-button method. now they're so loose that i've literally been pulling them up all day. i swear if i trip on the bottom cuff they're slipping right off with no effort.	8
i am lonely i am lonely. yet i have friends. but i still feel lonely **conclusion:* i will never stop feeling lonely and will only get worse and my friends would rather play fucking fortnite than minecraft with me.	15
i'll be at your door ready for you to let me in because it is raining and i'm cold	2
you guys might be joking but i'm down to horny chat bi f17 this is a joke kinda, but i mean it's 2am i got snap?	5
oh no so i was jogging but the music felt even more fyr so i ran way too much and now my stomach hurts	2
i[33f] feel like my bf[30m] of 2yrs is hiding something we've been together 2yrs. bf claims not to have been on his phone at all at work today. but messenger has shown him active and inactive frequently. he typically messages me throughout the day, well yesterday he didnt. when i asked him about it he claims it is an error in the app. but that error doesnt accur when we are together or when he is sleeping. we work together and i heard his phone binging like crazy at one point, which it doesnt typically do when he is with me. he said it was a new group chat with his friends from school back in his country. at lunch time his phone was quiet. i asked if he put it on silent. and he did!!! i am going crazy, i feel he is lying about something. if he was checking the group chat throughout the day, cool, i dont care. im not clingy and needy. but to straight up say he hasnt been on his phone. something isnt adding up tl;dr is facebook messenger lying or my bf? he claims his active status is an error with the app.	10
sprite is just spicy water	0
dont tell u/mistercakelol but i ate all of his cake it was so good im sorry	2
i feel like a boomer can someone tell me what based means i feel so dumb asking this	2
been 10 days since smoking feels great	6
can't sleep but good news! i got a boyfriend!! he's my ex that i dated around 2 weeks ago but we decided to get back together after talking about some things. we're also hanging out tomorrow which is poggers	0
retail workers, how do you do it? i've never met a retail worker who was rude to me. usually nice tone of voice, helpful looking and smiling. now the way i shop is simple: go up to the counter hand them the things i wanna buy, sincere "thank you" and im off. but i couldnt imagine being in their shoes and constantly serving up customers. like really how do y'all do it?	10
my gf (f18) is probably gonna dump me (m18) because she likes going out and i don't my gf and i have been dating over a year now and it's been really wonderful, we've helped each other through school and been that supporting rock. however, since we've graduated she's been a little distant. we had a chat and she told me she needed her space and i respected that. in fact, it coincided with the time i was about to go on a month long overseas trip so we both agreed that we would take a break (not from dating per say but feeling the necessity to talk everyday and be super invested in the other person) and i thought it would be good. i had an incredible time overseas, don't get me wrong, but every time i would look at her social media, she seemed to be going out clubbing and drinking, and looking like she was having a lot more fun with me out of the picture and not having to worry about me. this is the part where i tell you that i'm not a person who enjoys going out. a drink here or there is fine but clubbing is just expensive, sweaty and largely unenjoyable unless you're drunk or high, which are further costs to add on top. i would rather have a nice dinner or spend my money in much more meaningful and useful ways than on a night i won't remember in a stinking venue. anyway, i got back from my trip yesterday and headed straight to a party we were both attending. having been apart for a month and having exchanged a few texts that seemed to me like she was excited for my return, i was looking forward to reuniting with her. however, she gave me a very light hug, spoke to me as if we were just friends and hadn't spent all this intimate time, and no inkling of her seemed like she wanted to kiss me or be close. when we talked, she would walk away a little bit after with some new excuse. eventually, she went out and i stayed home because of both my dislike and having had a long international trip home. now i'm sitting here in bed, having thought about this all night without getting some sleep, and wondering about all this. is the distance just a thing that's happened? or does she actively feel held back by me not enjoying going out and wants to cut those ties completely? i am deeply in love with my gf, but i feel like she has undergone a change in the short time since we graduated high school, and i would hate to lose her because being myself wasn't good enough all of a sudden. just thinking about it spirals me into anxiety. she's close with my friends more than i am with hers, and due to their aligning with her more than me arguably, if we were to split, i think i'd be the one losing all my friends, and that's something i am so so scared of. anybody with similar experiences or advice, i would greatly appreciate if you share tl;dr - got back from long overseas trip after relationship break, girlfriend spent most of time going out, seems distant towards me and i think it's to do with my lifestyle of not wanting to go out (clubbing etc.)	3
today i was repost scouting and my phone fell on my face so it's like 2:23 am here where i am, so in just repost scouting on my feed seeing if people are copying others memes. i stumble across the same meme on two different subs so i comment on one of the most recent one saying it's a repost. that guy says it isn't a repost so i comment on the other post. that guy says the same thing and i realize they're the same person, i forgot to look at the username . then after that while i was typing up the apology, my phone drops out of my hands and lands on my face. how're your nights going?	1
nearly turning 20 and finally not a virgin anymore later virgins and also teenagers	0
it's so hot when guys have a tan body from going shirtless but then a pale swimsuit area	5
i've [25f] been telling people that i'm 5 feet tall but it turns out i'm only 150cm (4'9 ft) i had my annual physical exam yesterday and the doctor told me that i'm 150 cm tall. i didn't really mind her that much because i don't measure things in cm and so when i converted it to feet, i was surprised (and somewhat disheartened) to find out that i'm only 4'9 ft! i know that i'm a short girl but this just really makes it official	1
- by accidently guillotining my dick throwaway account for obvious reasons. first off, my dick is still intact. thank god. anyway, this happened about four hours ago. i was moving an old table to my in-laws' house. we decided to give them our old farm-style dinner table. you know, the kind with a leaf in the middle (this is important). my wife and i loaded the table with chairs into my tow-behind trailer with no problem. i head on over there and as soon as i arrived my brother-in-law, who looks like a two-legged moose -- fuck it, we'll call him 'moose' - is waiting outside their apartment. i roll up and get out. as i am undoing the tie downs i ask him to take all the chairs out and carry them inside. meanwhile, i am sliding the table, which is top down, out of the trailer. now here's where i fucked up. as i am tilting the table sideways it's starting to open where the leaf goes. i don't really think anything of it. however, the moment i get it completely sideways in my outstretched arms it slams shut....right on my dick shaft. unfortunately, moose is inside and i am stuck --for a lack of a better word. to make matters worse, i can't pull the table apart in this position and i can't set it down without yanking my wang off. i am standing there is agonizing fucking pain, frozen, for what felt like an eternity. finally, moose comes out and sees me there holding the table. i am probably pale white by this point. the good thing is that he doesn't know how long i have been holding the table so he thinks nothing's wrong. i, somehow, muster the words "please help" without sounding too obvious that my shaft is lodged. well, moose grabs one end of the table and by the grace of god that causes it to open up a little bit. instinctually, i drop my end and go to the tebow position. now, i have too much pride to tell moose what was wrong, so i told him i 'pinched a nerve', which in hindsight is technically true. right? anyway, with moose's help we carry the table to the apartment. all the while i'm fighting back tears. as soon as we put the table in place i made up some bullshit excuse why i couldn't hang around and hurried back to my truck. i sat there for a good five minutes crying and making sure i didn't snip the damn thing off. the good thing is that now it is massively swollen . the bad thing is that now it is massively swollen. fml. tldr: tried to lift a dinner table sideways and guillotined my dick. edit: typos. update: i was fully clothed for those wondering. i had a loose pair of workout shorts on at the time. also, i went to the urgent care first thing this morning and the doctor said i will live. yeah, that was embarrassing trying to explain.	6
we all know about people who prefer boobs, people who prefer ass, people who prefer thighs, people prefer feet?? but what about people who prefer tummies i personally believe we're the superior people	5
i (25f) am a jealous due to partner (31m) past relationship momentos i'm going to dive right in, when i am in a relationship, i am an overly jealous individual. i don't know why i think it stems from social anxiety and being cheated on in the past but that's another story. i know i have this personality trait so i have made lifestyle changes to avoid feeling this way and maintain healthy happy relationships. an example being, i've deleted facebook. my thought process is that i cant over think things and get jealous of other girls commenting on posts or exs if i never see them. i've done other minor things as well. i made these changes years ago and my issues have never come into play in this specific relationship. which leads me to my problem, i love my partner he is my best friend, and i legitimately believe he is my soulmate. his apartment flooded at the beginning of the year and he moved in with me for about 4 months- it was fun and a great test drive for if we ever decide to get married. i have female roommates currently so he couldn't live with us forever. we found him another unit in our building and in moving there he's been putting all these things up... many of which are art pieces from his ex among other things. (with whom i share a name. trust me, it doesn't help the issue.) these peices are very tailored to him and i would treasure them were i in his shoes... but alas, i feel the jealous bitch inside rise up everytime i go upstairs to his apartment. i can't avoid it and i am not going to ask him to take anything down because that is not fair. how would y'all suggest handling my emotions in a healthy way? tldr; i'm a jealous lady who doesn't know a healthy way to handle my partner putting up his ex's artwork. need help handling my emotions in a healthy way to maintain our wonderful relationship.	12
do not hate people choose instead to hate the ideas people embody. people are complex and we are not always in our right mind. many things can influence mood sleeping schedule, eating habits, the dialog people tell themselves or just the hardships of everyday life. life can be stressful, we can't be composed all the time. when we are not composed and react(like we all do) we need to understand we are being the embodiment of negative feedback loops and bad ideas. we will all react in our life and at times we will embody energy that does not serve us well. this is a natural cycle of things. but we have the choice to on average to embody good cooperative feedback loops that do serve us well over linear time:) if someone around you is being reactive and is making you feel unsafe making you hurt understand they are the embodiment of bad ideas and the person doing this is just like you a hurt scared person. all projected pain is a reflection of a deeper internal pain. people embody bad ideas people make mistakes- love breeds cooperation love people choose to attack the ideas people embody.	3
my life is an failure (repost, the first one was deleted) so i had a girlfriend... im sad but had. she were my classmate and those things were you know, cringey, so we decided to live as a couple out of the school, ofcourse we kissed each other at the school start and at the end. so, once i was at her house, we got an sleepover, just her and i. everything was good, i was naked, she aswell. but then that happened.... i could not fit in... she were just too tight. i felt embarassed to ask so i did not even got that. i was sad and that so... thoughts of my sad life?	10
what would you do in my situation? i'm a [25m] she's a [21f] i knew this girl for about a month because she recently got hired at my job for the first half of the month knowing her. she was trying to make moves and i ignored them because i didn't want a relationship, till eventually i hung out with her for our lunch break and she seemed really cool so i decided to give it a try from this point she was always trying to do stuff together and she seemed really interested. we had some deep conversations and such and everything was working out really well, with a strong emotional connection. we finally planned a date and she was telling me she's excited and that she really likes me. when the date day comes like an hour before our shift ends at work her best friend from the military who is spending the month with her, his boyfriend recently broke up with him and he was saying some scary stuff to her, like suicidal and then went ghost on her. she was very worried but didn't want to cancel so we waited till after work and before leaving we met up talked about it and then decided it would be best to help her friend and make sure he was okay but reschedule for friday friday comes and from that moment i don't really hear a lot from her other than she got in a big fight with her mom and she was going to talk to her mom and that she hopes my day wasn't as bad (her and her mom weren't on talking terms because of their last fight and she was ready to kick her out) friday came and went no hearing from her so i text her assuming we're done. she gets back to me the next morning saying that she doesn't want to have a normal conversation right now or go out right now because all of the stuff going on and it's not that she's not attracted to me anymore i tell her that i'm here for her and i understand blahblahblah and she tells me she really appreciates me and that i'm really sweet. we continue on and from this point forward she is actually keeping me updated(she doesn't like taking about this stuff) we get to yesterday where she was working but i take her shift so she can talk things out with her mom and eventually gets through to her to where she's not going to get kicked out(before this if she left the house she would lock her out) since this past friday where we didn't go on our date she hasn't said anything or done something to point that she's still interested. and has been scarce with the talking to me. what do i do now, things are better with her mom, do i try and make a date with her finally? or do i just leave? or do i keep being there for her tldr: girl starts at job a month ago, constantly makes moves on me. i finally cave. things are going well. till personal issues(she told me what they are take over on her end. now i'm not hearing from her as much but she says it isn't me. do i keep fighting for her or is she a lost cause and probably no longer interested	3
i'm deleting my account in one hour, here's why. in one hour i'll delete all my social media. i've waisted so much time on this site, playing games, and other social media, and i just had a realization that it's not worth it anymore. i've missed out on so much and there's really no real life reward for doing anything in social media(unless you're famous which i am not ). reddit isn't all bad, i love this site so much and i've met so many cool people on here. but anyway, peace out from u/tylerjacobs44	1
had a pretty emotionally rough day and a stupid fight with my bf. could use some memes for a good laugh	6
my bf's pp might be a little too big ______________________________________	2
i love it when people take my satire as not satire, and my not satire as satire my opinions are not that twisted now i have jamais vu for the word satire lol	11
my brother just made a joke that makes it very clear he's heard me having sex me and my boyfriend have sex at my house usually. my brother had a bad habit of coming home earlier than expected and not giving me a heads up. we were playing 1v1s in destiny 2 and when i killed him he jokingly/mockingly called me a naughty girl and said he'd call my boyfriend to come over and spank me (it's not creepy, we make jokes a ton). but that means he's heard me call myself that and say that i need to be spanked i want to die	19
guys i'm taking a break from reddit going outside lol, i'll be back as soon as i'm done	15
it's almost 3am and i still can't sleep what else is new? ^(also does anyone recognize my username, curious haha)	2
i'm (19f) having strange feelings for my boyfriend (23m) after our latest incident. thoughts? recently i've been having some introspection about my relationship with my boyfriend of 6 months. to give some backstory, so everything makes sense, i'll make it a short summary and then a timeline of the week following the argument/thing. then i'll get to the main deal--my confused feelings. a few weeks ago, there had been something bothering me that i needed to bring up. unfortunately i brought it up through a text message and not in person, so it made things a lot more complicated. i texted him about communication issues between us, and how i felt like we weren't communicating enough and how it was making me feel sadness. he didn't reply until the next day later, asking for his apartment key back. nothing else. for the next half week i wrestled with getting around to trying to have a face to face conversation with him, but he seemed to be avoiding it (this will be relevant later). there were minimal text messages exchanged between us during this time because at some point i was so exhausted and upset--at some point i was ready to let it go and move on. eventually we did have that talk by the end of the week. now for the timeline of the week following that text message: *saturday:* i text him about my concerns and how i'm worrying, stressing, and feeling neglected by lack of communication. *sunday:* a single response back from him, telling me to leave his keys in his mailbox some time this week. i asked if we could talk. he said we could. *monday:* i ask if we could talk today. he says no. *tuesday:* he says we can talk on the weekend. i agree. *wednesday:* he texts me at night this in the exact words: "i just don't feel like i have the emotional bandwidth to deal with things beyond work at the moment. i'll see if tomorrow works." *thursday:* he texts me again, in the exact words: "want to get sushi this weekend and then a movie at my place? " *friday/saturday:* he starts texting me again as he normally used to, asking me how my day was, trying to prompt me into regular conversations we used to have as if nothing had ever happened. *sunday:* he invites me over to "hangout". at this point i'm incredibly confused and don't know what he even wants. when we talked again a week later, face to face, he admitted he was avoiding it for the entire week. he said that the first thing he thought when he saw my text was, "oh great, i have to deal with this and i'm starting my new job." we had a conversation about how he had asked for the key back, what he wanted, an i also told him about my concerns and what i wanted. he admitted it wasn't my fault and that he shouldn't have reacted the way he did, and how unhealthy it is. his reasoning for avoiding a conversation was because of his new job, and he was scared to talk about it. we eventually got up to talking about fixing these problems and finding ways to make sure we both are happy and making this "work". we both agreed. something really big i need to point out is that that night i also found out how emotionally recessed he is. we discussed his feelings (he was weeping as we got deeper into the conversation), and i found out (more like confirmed--i always had the suspicion) that the way he was brought up had taught him not to be emotional. his parents always swept him away when he had problems as a child. i assured him that he could talk to me, and it was hurting to know that he felt like he couldn't. he agreed that he'd be more communicative with his emotions. since then we've been working on our communication, making sure we talk openly about our feelings and the essentials. now that's the nitty gritty, but the important part now is how i'm feeling lately. it's been a few weeks since we made up and talked about our concerns and we've been communicating better. the problem i'm facing now is this feeling of uncertainty. i feel almost withdrawn from conversations with him because of this. i can't quite shake the feeling of knowing he turned on me that quickly, even though we've promised we wouldn't make the same mistakes again and that we would fix this. to make things worse, we haven't had sex in almost a month. the last time i tried to initiate anything he said he didn't want to, because he said he prefers day sex over night sex or before showers. i am unsure if it is my pms (i can get really moody when i'm nearing ovulation) and it's confusing me. everything has gone fine up until now, with these random feelings coming up and not knowing how to justify them. tl;dr: boyfriend and i had an argument but made up, now i feel uncertain due to possibly mood swings or other	3
what does a bottle of olive oil and i have in common? extra virgin see ya later chads	0
i just woke up from a nightmare... hi i just woke up agitated from my second night of having nightmares about my family being dead. this is not normal and i'm scared right now and i don't know who to talk to. why is this happening?	2
hello ladies 13m wanna talk haha i'm desperado despacito desperate	0
i have straight as for the first time in my life and midterms are this week my whole life i was never really a good student. i always thought i was dumb and could never make things work out. but i was also just super lazy and i obviously suffered from it. now that i know what field i really want to go into, it's like things are just completely different. i actually enjoy my work now (and i don't have to do math anymore ), and everything is just so interesting to me now. i think these grades are a reflection of that and the study habits i had to develop. now that midterms are here, i really hope that i pass. i'm just praying and studying as hard as i can. how's everybody else doing?	15
it is currently 4:20 in florida, blaze up virgins	0
i be heelin' da boi he be gettin' sum gooood heelin'	16
my goals for high school 1. average a 4.0 gpa (high chance if i work for it) 2. all ap/honor classes in second year of school (don't really know if that's possible, but am already in 2 honor classes going into 9th grade) 3. join theatre as a freshman and perform a leading role sometime in high school 4. captain the hockey team when i'm in 12th grade 5. join debate or the baseball team (baseball would be just for fun an i'd probably not play much) 6. join the sports broadcasting club 7. be apart of the midnight run as a regular member 9. national honors society among other societies 10. intern when i'm in 11th grade or 10th grade somewhere for the summer 11. raise money for the ryan's well foundation through out my high school years through fundraisers 12. join the student government because i can 13. join some other clubs or be the founder of one if i can 14. obviously, have a good high school experience, grow as a person, and meet new people throughout my time there i am most excited for theatre and hockey but really am for the whole experience of it. i think i'll enjoy the classes as i enjoy learning a lot as i believe learning is the ultimate thing a human can do. what are your guys' thoughts on this? my ultimate goal for college is to aim for yale and if not a school like bucknell or cornell.	0
bored in driving instruction i just finished an hour of driving instruction. it sucks and was boring. and now i'm sitting in the back of the car for an hour while the teacher annoys another student but on the bright side i'm now listening to music and it's a beautiful day, and i'm about to go out for delicious sushi lunch what are you all up to today?	6
my best friend treats me like cr*p who up click like i'm mad but eh who wants to be friends i'm 18, girl, and i like pokemon & memes	0
mocktail recipies? anyone? help!! hey, i'm meg i am currently 24weeks and 2 days pregnant (6months), all i have been craving for weeks is the sweet sweet taste of cocktails. obviously i can't drink a real one, so do you guys have any awesome mocktail recipes? i'm open to try anything but, my favourite cocktails are: woo woo, sex on the beach, cosmopolitan, purple rain (i don't know if this one is well known but it's fizzy and tastes of palmer violets)	19
i got my eyes tattooed today what if i kinda regret it bc theres a part thats too thick ahahah	19
i finally bought a bike a few weeks ago i used to walk to and from work every morning and it was 45 minutes each way. it was a good way to wake up and wind down but sometimes you just want to get home. the bus would take nearly as long so i didn't want to spend the money if i could get the exercise instead. when i first moved here, i kept saying i'd get a bike, but it never happened. then i went home for summer and rode my bike everywhere and remembered how much i liked it. so as soon as i got back, i got a bike and bought a kit with lights for the early mornings. i bought a handheld air pump and a tire repair kit and it only took me 20 minutes to get to work. there are a couple hills that kill me but i've been getting better. i have a week off and am saving money for a trip so figured i'd go riding around town and explore at bit more. i'm going hiking tomorrow and was psyched about being able to cycle to the train station instead of bus or walk. on my way home today, my back tire suddenly deflated. i had to walk home. found that the tire inflation thingy was ripped. couldn't get tire off to repair it. tried my best. failed. now i have to walk everywhere again	4
got a really nice compliment today oftentimes i find myself struggling to get through my days and without the enthusiasm to truely interact with too many other students. just a me thing i guess, i've always been a introverted person. however, as i was listening to music in history class this morning, a girl i just met this year grabbed me by the shoulder and told me that i was appreciated by her and her group. those kind words put me in a giddy mood the rest of the day and just felt a million times better	18
let's play a game if your username is an object, animal of person you have to put that in your arse.	0
i am really sad over stuff and like idk life sucks urghhhhhh yeah guess i'm just feeling shit. also i'm getting more lazy...	2
my friend's boyfriend (30 m) is incredibly possessive and constantly makes her (29f) cancel plans with me. (28 f) so my friend rachel* and i have been friends for about six months now. we get along great and we have a lot in common and have the best time together. when i first met rachel, she was having a hard time with her boyfriend, danny* and she told me that she's happy to have me to hang out with, because danny never wants to go anywhere. after a few weeks, she invites me over for dinner one night and when i get there, she and danny are arguing about groceries and the house. she had the house cleaned and he messed it up and wouldn't clean up after himself. i just awkwardly sat on the couch and petted the cats while they argued. finally, she came back into the living room and apologized for that, and we decided to watch a movie. danny kept popping in every two minutes and continued to egg her on about where the groceries should go, and she kept getting up to do whatever he complained about. the night was very awkward and uncomfortable. i left and haven't been back to her house since. danny is a very whiny person and i really, really dislike him. i'm cordial with him, but i've stopped going to her house because of him. i've strictly decided to hang out with rachel only if danny isn't involved in our plans. i haven't actually told her this, but i'm considering it. rachel and danny recently got in a huge fight where he called her something really horrible and she called me crying, so that night i took her out for dinner and drinks to make her feel better. she went in further depth about her relationship and how she sometimes feels trapped with him because she is financially dependent on him and how he is overbearing and possessive. i told her that she should cut it off, because she's been with him for 3 years and he's only gotten worse and she said that she was considering it. i told her if she needed anything to let me know, and if she had to move out unexpectedly, i'd help her. she thanked me for everything and then she went home. she's decided to work things out with him, only i know deep down that she just feels trapped and her family is encouraging her to stay with him. one day, she told me that we should save $20 a week to have a girls night out every weekend and i agreed. we planned one this week and when the day came, she cancelled because she said that danny just found out his office is closing in 2 years and he's upset about it and that she needed to stay home to console him. danny hates his job and has tried to leave it for something else for a while now... he just had an interview last week. i told her not to worry, that two years is plenty of clearance to find something new but if she had to stay home then ok. i was really mad. i didn't let her know that. why would a grown ass man be so upset that he demands to be coddled and make his gf stay home? my mother has a similar relationship with my father. in fact, this is almost parallel to that. my mom is always canceling plans because my dad throws fits if he's not invited. cut to the next day, we postponed our lunch to have that day. i text her that i'm in town and i can pick her up. no answer. i text her again 20 minutes later. no answer. i call her. no answer. i eventually give up and go home, letting her know that i was disappointed she wasn't coming. she texts me that night saying that she was so sorry, she and danny were running errands together all day and he need some help with his resume. i suggested lunch for today and she said she'd have to ask if that was ok with danny. i said don't worry about it and have ignored her texts since then. i feel like crap. i know that she is not falling out on purpose, because she is a very genuinely person. i know this is all 100% danny and his needy ass. i'm so tired of it. a month ago, i invited her to go see a movie and bought our tickets and we agreed to meet at the theater. a day later, she sheepishly tells me that danny really wants to go, and if i wouldn't mind buying his ticket and that they'd pay me back on payday. i felt kind of cornered but agreed. movie day came, didn't see them anywhere. give up looking for them and grab my seat. i text her asking if they're here and no reply. 20 minutes after the movie starts, they shuffle in the theater. i was pissed. not only did this man invite himself and crash our plans, i had to pay for his ticket, they came in late, and he never thanked me. come to find out, he forced her to include him in the plans and the reason they were late was because he was mad and they were fighting. i've told her time and time again that this guy is a toxic man child and she agrees but never goes through leaving him. my patience is running out and at this point, i just feel hurt and angry. i don't want to cut off our friendship because if she needs me, especially if they break up, i want to be there for her. i don't know if i should have a talk with her about this or just keep her at arms length. either way, i feel like crap. i'm angry at both of them, but i also know that she's vulnerable and relies on him for everything, so i understand why she prioritizes him first, but i'm really sick of this man. if he wasn't in the picture, rachel and i wouldn't have any problems. tl;dr my friend's boyfriend is incredibly possessive and starts fights if she wants to have girls night plans with me. he keeps forcing her cancel and i'm so sick of it. i'm not sure how to handle it but i don't want to stop being friends because of it. i need advice.	11
my hectic day.. (and just keeps getting worse ) so today started summer school (college) and i had to wake up at 6 (usually i wake up at 9) but i had anxiety the previous day about first day so i couldn't sleep all night long. i got up at 5:30 because i couldn't sleep made breakfast and went to school. i got kicked out of the first class because it was in the office and it didn't open till 8 but i was (along with everyone else in the class) inside the office. and yeah.. i got home, made lunch tried to get a quick nap but couldn't sleep again. i had to go to my second class where i was falling asleep and i was called out on it i got home wanted a snack but didn't have anything with protein so went to the grocery store for cottage cheese. i was half done when i realized i didn't take my lactose intolerant pill before i started eating so now i'm gaseous.. i checked my pocket and realized i was given 2 extra dollars for change in the grocery store so i felt like shit. i debated going back there to give it back but the cashier wasn't there anymore. i talked to the manager and he wouldn't take the money. so now i feel like shit. i was already late at this point for the gym too. i start going and there's a bunch of traffic and this guy almost rammed his car into mine by not checking his blind spot. i get to the gym and my car radio stops working -.- now let's see what's next.. god help me survive his awful day.	7
my postmates driver keeps going in circles the estimated delivery time keeps going up and y'all i don't want cold chickfila	2
i just broke up with my so	7
3rd post to find love on reddit i will do this everyday until i find love on reddit. hello i'm a 17 year old male and i'm a cooolll dude . i've come to the realization i need a girlfriend. someone who's nice, kind and doesn't mind my severe adhd... facetime is a beatiful place and personally where i strive and succeed. all applications must be submitted in the comments so others can judge them and help me pick! good luck out there!!! its a tough competition!!!!!	0
i love you	3
my bf lied and deceived me my bf n i of almost 3 years have been thru some ups and downs but always come thru it strong. one thing we always had was trust and the only thing that was lacking was communication but i knew this about him so it wasn't too much of an issue. of recent, i have found myself really happy with him and the relationship. the happiest i've been in a long time especially since i usually have issues with depression from time to time. he and i met thru work but a year ago he switched jobs an hour away. obviously, with this he gained new coworkers and friends. (we both don't have many friends since we are both at times, introverts). in january, i came across a girls message on his phone who works with (not in the same department or building). i questioned him about it but he assured me it was jus friendly n gave some back story. i did express my concern since the few messages i did see she used the words 'babe' and 'hun' so i told him be careful and to try and minimize if not cut that "friendship" off. after some time, i occasionally asked if he still talked to that girl, he said no. i glanced his messages a few times after n didn't see any recent messages with her so i was glad he took my advice. recently, while getting some pics from his phone from our night out, i came across a photo of a girl. i quickly asked him who the girl was n he told me it was the same girl i had concerns with. i asked him how did the photo get to his phone n realized they were still messaging each other and he was deleting it since he knew it would upset me that they were still talking. they were even calling and talking to each other n i was oblivious to that. i realized that he initiated the calling in december when i was on a quick family vacation. needless to say, they began to have a close friendship and were trying to be "besties". all this he hid from me and deceived me. i am so distraught about this whole situation. he told me everything that he could and answered almost all my questions. i am so hurt that he was encouraging this friendship and grew interest in her and hid it from me. if it's one thing i thought i knew, is that we trusted each other n we would never do those things to each other cuz we are both so in love with each other n were planning of future together. (to get married etc). although, they were just in the talking and getting to know each other phase n did not do anything further, maybe if i didn't find out it could have gotten to that and for that reason i'm so confused as to what to do wit this relationship. he has continuously apologized to me and wants to do anything to make the relationship work and promised that it will not happen again. this is the first time something like this has ever happened in our relationship. i know worse things have happened in relationships and people get thru it. i want to get thru it but it's so hard. i don't know what to do to begin this healing and trying to mend our relationship. what makes this even worse is that i'm leaving the country for a year to pursue my masters in september and we will be apart. how do i gain back this trust? how do i continue this relationship? tl;dr: my bf lied to me and i don't know how to get back the trust in the relationship. what do i do? i love him but i'm in so much pain.	4
my pp is so little it's 2 inches soft	13
i want to end our engagement, but i cant do it. tl;dr i [22f] want to end my engagement to my fiance [23m] but it's hard to do it. theres so many factors that have led up to this choice. cons -we took a break from november to january due to his insecurities -weve tried dating 3 times over the past 6 years and it never works out -he always accuses me of cheating. it makes me want to. -he told me he proposed to me so i'd have a ring on my finger -he tried ending our engagement because i missed seeing his dad, apologized afterward but it still hurts pros -we want the same things in life, starting a family younger, getting a house -we are happy together when hes not being jealous -we love each other -we are ourselves around each other -know each other very well he told his whole family we're engaged but i didn't tell mine. i dont know why i cant do it. i just dont know	4
do i have good taste <url> pls don't hold back	13
just downloaded subnautica	0
just here to wish finland a happy birthday happy birthday finland, nicely done it's 11 am and it's dark as fuck outside because the sun decided to skip finland complitely today but it's alright hyvaa itsenaisyyspaivaa!	18
my grade report just came out i got history, social study and physics 100% i'm god sorry for bragging, this is the first time i got 3 one hundred percents	0
my algebra grade went from an 18 to a 54 to a 75 now i don't have to worry about my parents beating me and burning all my stuff	9
shadow of the colossus	5
happy halloween 2018! as another halloween draws to a close and i offer this last bidding, i wanted to know how your halloweens went! personally, i brought my little brother trick-or-treating and got a bit of candy myself, as a werewolf, mostly because i'm already halfway there most days. i hope you all had great halloween's and i hope to hear about them in the comments below.	1
i (19m) am in a ldr with my girlfriend (19f) and she seems to be slipping away sorry for the long post but i would really appreciate feedback. i (19m) am in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend (19f) and latley it's been feeling like she's slipping away. we have been dating for 1 year and 6 months. we lived in the same state very close to each other location wise for around a year and a half. we began dating, and dated for 6 months then i moved to another state for college. we are states apart now and i come to visit her every couple of months. we have been long distant for 12 months and at first it was hard of course but we have made it work and i was happy with our relationship. i enjoyed our phone/video calls and looked foward to texting her when i'd wake up, but for around 2 months i've felt her slipping away. the first month in which i've noticed it was when calls became less frequent as well as texts. she's the one to always ask to call because she has always been busier than me. sometimes i'll ask but we have mutually agreed that she'd be the one that will ask if she's wants to/isn't busy. before we would call at least 3 or 4 times a week and we would text quite often but then we were calling 2 times a week or even less and texting was less frequent. i figured okay i can understand that she is busy. the next month roles around and the first week of the month we don't call at all. then the second week of the month we don't call again. meanwhile we are texting throughout these two weeks but the texting is not personal nor is it making me feel connected to her. the messages consist of things such as her :"how are you?" me:"i'm good, how are you?" her:"i'm good as well " me:"that's good beautiful" her:"i love you" me:"i love you too" her:"hope your having a good day" me:"hope your having a good day too" and this would be pretty much it for the entire day. compared to a couple of months ago where our text messages were much less robotic and seemed more genuine where we actually talked about something. i can understand that you want to know how your so is doing and all of that but if this is all that our texting consist of i don't really feel as if it's genuine or connected. it felt more obligatory to me than something i enjoy doing. i felt a huge disconnection these two weeks. then at the end of the two weeks on saturday she calls me and we talk sorta normally as we did when we would call before. then we kind of got into a small argument because at one point we both stopped talking on the phone call and we both got upset because of that. i asked why she wasn't talking and she said that i wasn't talking either. it seems both of us didn't want to talk. i was a bit mad so i was passive agressive along with the feeling of disconnect from her and that's why i wasnt talking. and she wasn't talking because i wasn't talking. so in our little argument i brought up us not calling for 2 weeks. her reaction was like "ugh i knew you were gonna say that" not those exact words but that's basically what she was saying. we ended up hanging up and the next morning we continued with our text rountine that's been happening for the past 2 weeks. a week goes by again and no call. then another week goes by and we finally call again on the weekend. it's now been an entire month with one phone call that was one hour long. to give some background on her schedule she goes to school as well and other stuff too. this has never before stopped her from making time for me though. i can understand if she's busy a week or maybe two. but a month i don't really understand how she couldnt make 5 minutes of time to talk. okay so she calls me on the weekend and it's pretty much the same dialouge as our texts only this time we are speaking to each other. i'm fustrated and we get into another little argument because neither of us are talking. she asks me why i'm not talking, is it because i don't care and i laugh at how ironic this is. she gets mad that i laughed and i bring up that i don't know how she couldn't make 5 minutes in a month. we argue a bit. and then she says "i guess i forgot about you". she said that she wasn't prioritizing me. this hurt me alot and it's still a lingering thought. before we got into this argument when we first were calling she told me about this funny thing that happened when she was hanging out with her friends. i acted like i wasn't hurt but i was. i was hurt because she made time to hang out with friends but 5 minutes for me couldn't be achieved. we argue a bit more; me saying what it takes to be in a lrd; communication is key and there's no way we can survive off of one call a month and that i am not satisfied with our texting. i said that if she's satisfied with our texts that's completely fine i am not and i want to feel connected to the person i'm dating. i told her it didn't even feel like we were even boyfriend and girlfriend for an entire month and i tell her i didn't want to say anything because i didn't want her to fix her behaviour because i complained. i wanted her to actually want to talk to me on her own. she replies that that's very confusing and she doesn't know how to fix it. shes crying at this point and she says "how could i forget about you" she's feeling really guilty now and i hate hurting her. i say it's not her fault and she insist it is. i say it's not only your fault it's mine too. if i wasn't so passive aggressive with texting and didn't reply in a disconnected way on purpose then i maybe wouldn't be so mad with not calling. we are both feeling better and talk for a couple hours more than we both go to sleep on the phone with eachother like we used to do. but before we go to sleep she says im gonna call you tomorrow i say no because she's not calling because she wants to talk to me she's calling for other reasons. she gets mad so i say okay we're calling tomorrow. the next morning i'm going over what happened last night and i'm not happy with it. i still don't like what's happening in our relationship i still hate the fact she forgot about me and that now she's apparently going to force herself to call me. i don't feel like we are dating and i am not happy with the way things are. i don't know what to do or how to fix it and neither does she. i know she loves me and cares about me. she just doesn't seem that interested or that attentive to me anymore. i feel as if she has slipped away and no longer wants me. tldr; my long distant girlfriend has not been calling me and our texts are robotic. i brought it up with her and she says she "forgot about me" i don't know how to proceed and would like advice.	3
oh no help i askidently swared in my mine craft game	4
if any one of you teens wanna show off your daddy's money.. r/bankaccounts started this new community to motivate and/or show off your bank accounts. feel free to post	0
i feel like a free taxi (21f) i live in an area where gas is $3-4/gallon. most of my friends don't have a car so they ask me to drive. i don't mind doing it but i actually can't afford the gas. they've mentioned tossing me a few bucks here and there but never have. i once actually filled up my tank with them in the car, hoping they'd sauce some money over but just didn't. i wanna hang out with my friends and enjoy them but i actually can't afford to keep up with being their free uber driver tldr; my friends mooch off me for gas	4
what is "following" on reddit? what is following on reddit? why do some accounts have it & others don't. i'd appreciate detail of you're knowledgeable. ..also g'day to you friend!	8
the perseverance rover lands on mars in less that 30 minutes i'm so excited, i'm watching the live broadcast [here](<url>) i promise it's not a coconut mall or a rick roll, it's actually the livestream on youtube. the rover is supposed to land around 3:55 est. i hope everything goes well .	5
guys today on the highway in michigan i seen a car truck hauling a bunch of tesla's and i was like wow, tesla's being delivered to canada for elon. happy birthday	1
my old realtor really really wants to be friends. so me and the fiance bought a house a little over a year ago. i did a quick google search and literally emailed the first realtor i saw (we were in a hurry we needed to have a house found, signed for and keys in hand in 2 short months). so this guy calls me and we talk a bit. he gets a feel for the house we want and we start looking. like i said things needed to move quickly, so there was a lot of back and forth communication. well me and the fiance ended up meeting him for the first time at our first house viewing. after looking at the house and deciding we didn't want it, our realtor wanted to take us to go see some more houses in his own truck. (this may not seem like a big deal, but me and the fiance are both girls and we are in our mid twenties and both kinda small) we were hesitant, but decided to say fuck it. during the next month of house looking out realtor would always come pick us up so we didn't waste our own gas, would take us to grab snacks and drinks, and would just try to have any conversation he could (we live in a place with low lgtb peeps and i'm sure he's never met one in real life). he would always turn these house looking things into like 4-5 hours when in reality it would take maybe 2. we finally found the house of our dreams and got it. then mr realtor helped a lot when we first moved in. he bought a smart thermostat and installed it free of charge. he paid for our water heater to get repaired 2 days after we moved in. he also paid for a pipe to be secured to our roof because i was gonna do it and he didn't want me on our very very steep roof so he paid someone else to do it. but basically this guy was over at our house for 2-3 hours a day for about 2 weeks. he would bring over beer and try to sit and bullshit with us and basically trying to be friends with us. now we have no problem with him, but me and the fiance are pretty antisocial. very much homebodies and well we just hate people in general. so once we were all settled in we thanked our realtor and thought that was that. well we were looking into refinancing since the rates in our area dropped a lot so we had asked him for some updated info about our homes worth. he sent it over within a few days and then the texts came in again! here is his latest text: "that is great you would think of me when you sell your house. but, there is no one that would do a better job in (my state) so it's just a smart/right choice. not a favor. i get $45,000 more than sellers think possible because of my special work. but i still haven't gotten the word out about (his own company) so i'm just going month-to-month financially. on a competly different subject, and not professional for me to say, but who cares, i would probably smoke a cigaret just as an excuse to hang out with you both. but, not menthol. i would bring the brown, whiskey = the brown, too." he just really really wants to be our friend and i have no idea how to tell him we aren't interested . so guys what's your story of "they really want to be my friend, but no thank you."?!? i can't be the only one this kinda thing happened too.	1
i wanna get a burner phone and threaten this old man who sexually harassed me i think it would be lots of fun just one seriously scary call. and then i toss the phone	17
abcd ed stress how could i clear it i will clear it by studying from barmans note which i will complete till tomorrow afternoon which is possible if i study hard, okay & i will study & learn chapter 4 & 5 at tomorrow evening	0
my teacher accidentally gave me the answer sheet to my test today basically i had to take a makeup, so i go down to the library and i'm taking my test and oh shit, he accidentally gave me the answer sheet along with my test. i told him and he asked me if i looked at it to which i answered no, and he just let me finish the test. the thing is i actually think i got a 100%...but that might look a bit suspicious considering so i'm a bit nervous about that	9
do gay people watch normal porn?	10
i've worked 17 hours in the past two days and i'm mad about it my boss is letting me leave early today so i'll be able to go to the boardwalk, finally. at least i'm making bank i guess	16
omg she said "for the last time, stop asking me out, i'm part of your imagination" she's just playing hard to get...right guys	0
flirting online while in a relationship (f25)(m23) hey,i'm totally fucked up and i need some advice. im with my bf since almost 4y, things are almost okay even if the sex stuff doesn't really suits me (i would like more and longer etc) a few months ago i met a lad on an online game and we getting close very early, we talked everyday for 3 months. i hid it from my bf bc he is very jealous, and in the beggining there was nothing (only affection bc i had a lack i think) then we started to turn each other on, to send hot pictures and videos, to do videocalls on discord. i felt better when i had sex with my bf cause i was thinking of him the most of time. i have to say that im french and he was english so communication was hard sometimes but i improve my english for him and the more we talked the more it was easier this situation was an huge problem bc i felt guilty and since he was younger than me (6y) i never realized what i've done. like i helped him to be more mature etc but i never thought of the consequences of all of this at first i saw him like a lifeline, but i get attached and he put some distance between us, i think it was because he didnt wanted to get more hurted so i made the decision to delete him from all my social medias his number and i deleted all i had from him but i still cant forget him, i feel extremely bad cause i thought i needed only a few days to get him out of my mind. obv i was wrong about my feelings and they are deeper than i thought. the fact is i dunno what to do. any advice or shared experience would be appreciated sorry for my english thx for reading u guys are amazing. tldr, how can i deal with a "previous" very intense online relationship which is not over if i don't want to?	4
how to hang out with a friend (one that i like more than a friend ) if my mother wont let me hey guys, so im a 17 y/o male and my mother is really overprotective. last time i asked her to hang out with this girl, she made up every excuse for me to not be able to hang with her, from coronavirus to saying that i could be accused of sexual harrassment or something and i just need to stay way from people who we dont know their family, etc. and that infuriated me because she let me hang out with another girl just fine only bc we knrw her family. anyways, i really like this girl who asked me to hang out and i dont wanna reject her offer to hang out. ive explained it to her, but its been like 3 months and ik shes tired of waiting on me. any advice? ive tried talking to my mom about it and she just doesnt listen to anything i have to say. should i sneaknout? if so, how?	5
i'm babie im baby	13
i'm really sad..., hey guys. so i'm 13 and today i have school. i always wake up at 6:45 am but today, i woke up at 5:45. i swear, there was an alarm waking me. strange thing is, my alarm is always at 6:45 and i even checked after waking up. i didn't even realize it was 5 at the time so i went to sleep for fifteen minutes and woke up at 6, and i thought it was 7. i should've known because it was so quiet and dark outside. anyway, i took a shower and then i sat on my couch and used my phone. it's 6:51 right now and at 6:45, my school alarm rang. i had a perfect hour of sleep left and i wasted. i was so tired when i woke up. i am so	4
ok so i trust you so i'm gonna tell you something about myself i live in asia now pls don't kidnap me	2
just had the most embarrassing moment of my life. new coworker accidentally saw one off my nudes so i [m] just started a new job this week. i have three young women working for me, two of whom are about my age. i was asked to take head shots of myself and one of the girls who is also new so i took her photo on my phone and when i showed her the pic she accidentally scrolled... i'd forgotten i'd taken some nudes the night before with the intent of maybe sending one to a girl i'm seeing. she said she didn't really see anything and we both apologised profusely but i just wanted the floor to swallow me up!	15
wholesome story about keanu (must read) *guy on his death bed*: guy: keanu i'm think i'm going to die keanu: oh shit can i have your xbox bro guy: to donate to the poor? keanu : lol no to yell at black people in video games guy: **dies** keanu: trololookoololllollol the guy was albert einstein #deep #libtardowned	4
coolmathsgames is blocked in my school for pornography why did my school go to such a length to ban it? but hey i can still play run 2 on maths playground	0
bruh. straight guys rly be getting excited because a girl's chest accidently touches their elbow gay boys don't even be close to sexualizing guys like that they just have a crush on their friend or whatever	7
how often does your so say "i love you," and when was it first said? interested in hearing about other relationships that have made it to that stage, how they got there, and how often it's expressed. who said it first? what was that moment like and how is it regularly displayed. give me a glimpse of your love story thanks	6
i think google is spying me again i've been checking everywhere in my room but i can't find him anywhere how are they spying me?!	16
it's 4am and i have a meeting in 10:30 i have to wake up at 9:30 and i'm used to sleeping 10 hours. it's an important meeting that will determine if i'm able to join the military (since it's mandatory in my country [lmy shmstkhl `l zh vtvhh am any mkvryah av mshhv, la ]). i have it cuz i'm seeing a therapist for more than a year and a half. i really hope i'll get a psychiatrist through this meeting because i wanna see one but my dad thinks it's all just a conspiracy to sell us more pills and stuff. he got pretty mad last time i tried to bring it up. the "give up, it's not gonna happen." type of mad.	3
results are in, i have to go 30 days without wish me luck or something idk	5
just caught my twelve year old brother watching mumbo jumbo i'm so proud	14
i was today years old when i realized that ppl say "you wouldn't survive a cod lobby" unironically. i really thought it was just a satirical joke that people said "you do realize the f word is slur, so lgbt people are naturally going to avoid you if you say it because you're not apart of that community." "you wouldnt survive a cod lobby"	19
help me clear my mind pls is it normal for me to just want to not talk to my parents? in my family i'm the child that gets the a/b grades while my sister is the one that gets straight as and all that stuff. because of this, its very apparent my parents treat my sister a little more nicely than me. on top of that, i used to love playing video games but i chilled out, but my parents still think all i do is play video games, so whenever i get in trouble for things like staying home a lot or bad grades, the immediate cause is "you're addicted to video games." i always say i don't play video games as much as i used to but when they see me on my computer they always assume its games. i'm not sure how to combat this since i've told them before its not just games. i've tried showing interest in more physical things like wanting to build a bigger desk for myself but they just don't trust me to do it properly but i want them to see i'm not just a garbage student and that i'm capable of getting out and doing things. i'm a junior in high school now so i thought they'd trust me to handle myself but it seems not i figured i'd hang out with my friends more just to get out of the house, but something happened with me and my friends (nothing extremely bad just a little goof on my part) and i feel like now theres an air of awkwardness or even hostility towards me. sometimes i want to just address this problem but i feel like im just making a big deal out of it but its really bothering me. is there something wrong with me here? is it my attitude towards everything or am i not completely at fault? i know my parents only want my well being and im grateful for that but i just feel like i should be a little less regarded as a trouble child or something. as for my friends i know the problem is sort of just a me thing, but i can't get it off my mind and i just feel bad about it. any idea how to approach these things? i'm guessing posts like these are common so any response is appreciated 🏻	18
what's the first thing you do as soon as you get up? the moment i get up, i try to find my glasses and then go through the notifications and texts i got over night and then just waste like 20-30 mins lying in my bed w my phone. then drink water, brush my teeth and freshen up a bit i usually shower after breakfast or lunch	5
our ceiling collapsed saturday and insurance won't cover it fuck you guys lol. never got to eat my breakfast 'cause drywall got in it seasoned with a nice bit of insulation. coffee spilled on my chair too when it happened so you know i was a cranky fuck the rest of the day. now i'm sitting here under an exposed ceiling two days later hoping chicken little don't come with more news.	12
has anybody been in their room or bathroom just talking to yourself and then your mom or dad just steps in and hears you talking?? this just happened to me rn... i was just in my bathroom, just talking to myself and then my mom just enters and be like "who u talking to? you on a call??" i...just ran away and went to cry internally	7
i wish i still had grandparents. my parents are definitely older. i'm the oldest child. my mom had me at 37, my dad at 45. my dads parents died before i was born. my moms dad died when i was six, and my moms mom died when i was 18. she lived in seattle and was 96, and it was too painful for her to see us because she didn't remember us. i love my parents because they are so cool! i could talk to them for hours. and i just think of how cool their parents must have been. i hear such great stories, especially about my dads parents. it makes me feel bittersweet to see all the videos of cute old people. when i see my friends grandparents i just want to hug them a little longer. i volunteer in old folks homes because they might wish they had family who cares, and i just want to care for them. but sometimes i wish i just had my own grandparents. i feel like i'm missing such a piece of life. if you have any cute stories about your grandparents, let me know. i'd love to know them.	3
moving out of state is so nerve-wracking its making me wanna puke - tell me about your adventures so i'm not a huge poster, but i was hoping this would get some people going, and give me something to read that's not about moving. i'm 24 and finally moving out of my mother's house. i graduated college in 2016 and decided to save money, which i'm thankful for, but am so ready to leave. in a month my friend and i will be driving from massachusetts to denver, and the nervousness might definitely be louder than the excitement at this point. i'm nervous about leaving what i know, and my family, my dad's perfect new pup, and this guy i met some months back that i didn't think would turn into something, but definitely has (it always seems to work that way, doesn't it?). but denver's going to be amazing with so many new and exciting opportunities. enough about me though, tell me about one of your greatest adventures or chances you've taken. or anything really, i'm waiting to move and don't have a steady job atm so talk to me	6
doubting myself on our anniversary i (24f) feel like my boyfriend (25m) can often be very critical of me. there are several recent examples that come to mind but they tend to follow a pattern of: i spend time making something, his first reaction is a critical statement about what i've made. i've confronted him about it several times, sometimes it goes no where or sometimes he apologises that it hurt me and promises he appreciates the things i do. i generally feel loved by him but i am starting to notice a trend of negativity from him towards me. what's brought me here today is something that happened that's left me confused and doubting myself. i need outsider opinion. i had spend hours making an anniversary card (our first) as it seemed to be something that meant a lot to him and he was sad we wouldn't be together for it. on receiving the card today his first message to me is along the lines of telling me i had the address wrong (obviously i didn't or it wouldn't have arrived :/). then he said 'i got your card '. i responded and didn't hear back for several hours. during this time i did some reflection. i realised he seemed to often be immediately critical of me in these situations. i decided to talk to him about it and ask him why. the worst part for me was that this exact situation happened a few weeks ago (ie. i mailed him something i made and his first response was a criticism followed by several hours of silence.) after that i spoke to him, explained it hurt me and he apologised. now i feel that it happened in exactly the same way and i feel he is disregarding my emotions. when we spoke today about the incident he explained he was only joking. i told him i didn't see the funny side of it and he told me i just didn't get him and his sense of humour then. i brought up the past recent incidents of criticism and asked him why he felt the need to be so critical. he got upset and said i was only focusing on negative things when he also says lots of positive. that he is always only joking with what he says and i take it the wrong way. i feel like it's genuine criticism and honestly i'm not sure how to feel about the situation right now? doesn't feel like i'm overreacting but that's how he's treating it. i don't know where to go from here as i tried to communicate my feelings with him and got no where but feeling very frustrated. i'd really appreciate some advice. am i over reacting? tl;dr boyfriend of one year seems to always immediately criticise, he says it's just jokes. am i over reacting?	3
flirted with my (now) boyfriend for a whole 4 months before he got the hint it was so obvious. even some of his friends asked me if i liked him but i asked them not to tell him. 4 months. and apparently he had no idea but he liked me back and he thought i was just being friendly when i said he was my favorite person to talk to and when i called him cute apparently he thought i was just joking. why are men so clueless omg. either way i love him and he's adorable. jeremiah if you're reading this even though it took an entire four months of dropping obvious hints, it was entirely worth it	3
ignoring feminism and deconstructing created male: a common activist trend on not? *ignoring feminism and deconstructing the created male: a common activist trend or not? a bit long, so warning. hey everyone. i would describe myself as an advocate for men's rights, but the kind of advocate that's focuses more on making active policy as opposed to trying to defeat some of the myths of feminism, if that makes sense. i like discussing how men are confined by narrow gender roles/how to deconstruct that as opposed to challenging those who attack the created male. yes, i feel acknowledging what the current culture of feminism has created is important and should be addressed, but i feel attacking the issues that affect men head on is for the betterment of not only men, but everyone. "can't change what they say, so lets make a better way" sort of thing. is this a common strain in men's rights activism or no? i'm a newbie. i know the issues, but not the community. edit: title errors	9
i heard hitler's gas bill was really high i wonder what he used all that gas for	5
twitter friend cum back i miss u we used 2 bond over so much like how we both used 2 be active on this sub and how we both live in not very pogchamp places </3	2
howdy hoes, i'll be going to bed now. i don't have anymore ideas of what to post, so i'll be parting ways for now sleep tight, let the bed bugs bite sincerely, gay auntie	3
i choreographed solos for a major ballet competition a little background - i'm a dancer (currently earning my degree) and after a couple years of teaching 5-year-olds, i was offered a job teaching advanced contemporary & jazz classes to serious dancers at a ballet school. my bosses asked me after a couple months if i would be willing to choreograph 2 solos for the upcoming youth america grand prix, and of course i said yes!!! i've certainly set choreography before, but i've never had my work displayed on such a large and serious platform. furthermore, the only other choreographer setting work for this particular ballet school is a dancer named kelsi darby, who is fairly well known in the dance world (she has 16.2k instagram followers and has danced with big names like beyonce and nicki minaj). i just can't believe my name will be up there beside hers, and i can't believe how amazing my job is i'm a lucky girl	6
fun fact for all y'all: if you play a video of sex backwards, it still looks like sex also epstein didn't kill himself	0
pee,poop,frick,hecc im kinda fricked ngl im doing an online test (french) and idk much aaaaaaaajfkqhckfaocekkacjskaaajd y is french so hard broo	4
bruh i think my depression is slowly coming back nice	0
bruh i- me fren randomly tried to guess who my crush was even when i told her i don't have one. then she kind of got it right she didn't say the name but she said he was in our last class and also mentioned what class he is in now... $h1t	5
i am the same height as danny devito can't beat that	0
to the other wallflowers out there, ever get tired of filling the role? i can't deny it, it's just who i am but when i take a step back and look at myself, sometimes i really really wish i was more of a social butterfly. i've recently started an internship and during the orientation with other interns, the guy who organizes the recruitment said that he doesn't want any wallflowers around and wants people to take initiative and engage people and he dead ass looked right at me while saying it and we've only just met. it's been on my mind for a couple weeks now. it's not hard to tell i'm very introverted and shy so i'm not surprised he sorta called me out but i'm surprised that it kinda felt insulting like i wanted to agree with him ever so slightly. i'm reminded way too often at this job how much i suck at socializing .	1
wow i miss u/thepsylocke if anyone was active here last year, you'd know her	4
kind of new on reddit, what's up? and what should i know about reddit? what are your favorite subreddits?? created this account almost a year ago then i completely forgot i had it, been using reddit for about 4 days now and i love it! i'm part of it now	8
dear 13 and 14 year olds on this sub y'all are welcome here, but it's really the *lizard people we gotta watch out for*	16
no guitar post today dont know what to play that would be interesting to watch and the riff im currently working on learning is not quite there yet :(	2
why tf am i not a cute girl? [sorry y'all have to see this ](<url>) ik it seems like i'm looking for attention but honestly idgaf	15
hi i need help how do i change dms thing to only trusted people lmao do i have to do it from my laptoppp?	4
do y'all code switch? if so, have you ever forgotten to and been looked at kinda funny? i'm asking bc i just thought about how i forgot to code switch yesterday at work. it was pretty slow yesterday and so me and my coworker was just talking. a man walked up to us to ask about something on the salad bar(avocado, i think) and i said, pretty loudly, "nah we ain't got no mo" even thinking about it rn is making me laugh bc he looked so taken back by my tone and grammar. we usually speak to the customers in a soft and gentle tone, but i ain't switch it up that time	1
my girlfriend found my account i was showing her a recent post i made, and she ended up finding my account, she said the stuff i posted about her before we were dating was cute, this may be flared wrong, but hannah, if you see this, i love you soooooo much	3
last night was the after party for my school dance. it was the best night of my life. i can't even begin to describe it. i don't want to pester my friends by harping on about it, but i needed to say it somewhere. it was perfect - my school dance was amazing, i got compliments on my suit, it was so wholesome and everyone looked beautiful, and at the after party i finally connected with one of my closest friends who's really closeted. she gives really good hugs and it made everything so much better. i'm gonna miss high school. thanks for listening	3
should i just unadd this one person i ruined our friendship and i feel like a complete asshole	18
i'm an adult teenager. do i belong here? i'm 18, a teenager and also a legal adult. the adult world is too scary for me so i wanna stick with the teens for now	13
announcing my plans to ebay flip and getting talked down for it i made a mistake because i need money and am strapped for cash. i found a sound module on ebay for half the price it usually goes for so i bought it and am waiting to ship. and i don't know how or why i thought it was a good idea (probably because i'm autistic), but i ended up telling people in a discord group i was in that i was gonna ebay flip, and someone told me it was incredibly despicable and disgusting. i immediately felt bad, but i decided not to retaliate, so i just simply replied with " " and left. now i'm incredibly hurt and i hate both people and myself. how could i think this was a good idea. how could i think it was a good idea to tell people. why must i be like this. and why must everyone assume that my intentions are nefarious. i don't allow myself to feel hate or disdain directly towards the people who told me that's disgusting, and they're probably right and i'm in the wrong for trying to earn some extra money. i hate this world. i hate people. i hate myself. people are fucking cunts, nothing more, nothing less. including myself, for what i intended to do. and i'm someone who can't understand other people. i feel like yeeting myself off the goddamn columbia tower. no seriously. **tl;dr:** mistakenly announced my plans to ebay flip, got called despicable and disgusting for it and now i'm hurt and hate everything.	7
what is something you wish people would tell you before embarking in a long term relationship or marriage? i shared this on quora, but i wanted to share it here too and see what you guys think. ------------------------------------------------------------- . . . . . 1. **you are a team** the first thing to consider is that by being with someone (specially on a ltr) you are entering a stage where you are no longer alone for anything. that can seem both convenient and "inconvenient" at the same time. you need to be willing to always consider what the other person might think, want, need, expect, ... before making a decision. and you need to be sure that the other person is willing too, because for a long time, you both will have to play this back and forth game and you need to practice a lot and get really good at it. it's not a temporary thing, it's not something you can be a part of just once in a while, but something that will be your new lifestyle. so you better be ready for it and become the best team player ever (a nice way to see this is like you are working on becoming the *bestest* friends with your partner). even when you are planning or trying to decide when you will be getting your own space and time, it needs to be a team decision. both parts need to agree on these things. so that when you are ready to take some time-off, your partner is ready to either take over for both parts or take their alone time as well. this point takes time to understand, embrace and nail. but as long as both of you are aware of it and are playing together, it will be pretty easy eventually. 2. **honeymoon stage is not forever** a lot of people assume that the infatuation or "honeymoon" stage is how all the relationship should be. that the daydreaming, the near-obsessive interest for the other will be forever and that those butterflies in your stomach will be there for good. so by the time these start fading away, people are not normally sure why and tend to either try to recreate them exactly as they were, or start looking for someone else, because they feel like the "relationship is dying". the infatuation is normal, is beautiful and exciting, but it's temporary. it's fleeting. and the real challenge for any relationship comes right after. because then it will be a conscious effort from both sides what will keep the relationship going and what will determine if it will be successful. 3.** love is both a state and a chemical reaction** love is an attraction and attachment state that needs nourishing or it will fade away. it needs team work and needs renewal. and for this, i think we need to understand it from a biological/chemical perspective. dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin and vasopressin are some of the chemicals that make us feel attracted and attached to something or someone. these substances need to be constantly present in our bodies in order for us to continue feeling "in love" with someone. and the best way to produce these in a healthy balance is by having a positive team experience with your partner. by constantly looking for actions that will keep you interested in each other. by making sure things are okay with the other. by understanding what your partner's goals, fears, interests and ambitions are and working together to conquer these. it's like a dopamine reward system. every time you do something positive or constructive with your partner, a little dose of these substances will be released and you will feel this emotional reward. also, keep in mind that norepinephrine (adrenaline) is also a good part to keep things balanced. **once in a while**, conflict and differences will arise and these arguments will release a dose of adrenaline which will help making you feel like the relationship is interesting and "exciting". not everything can be rosy all the time. 4. **communication** the best tool you will ever have for making this nourishing cycle work is: healthy communication. your partner is the one person who will be there with you and for you in the good and the bad times. so you better have a top-notch communication channel. you need to know each other inside out, be clear and unafraid of debate and discussion. if done in a healthy way, it is always for the best. each thing that you keep to yourself to avoid conflict or because you feel insecure will only make it harder for the other person to map out your persona, understand you and act accordingly (spoiler alert: unnecessary conflict later on). be prepared to be truly vulnerable; to show your deepest, most sensitive corners and be okay with your partner possessing this information. at this point, if you are both really playing as a team, you can trust that your partner will be respectful of this information. and so you should be with theirs. remember that trust is vital. be sure to talk about all the things that bring up questions. finances, the future, insecurities, jealousy, friends, family, aspirations, dreams, dissatisfactions, sex life, preferences, kinks, pet peeves... all of these topics are very important to talk about to find clear answers agreements, middle grounds and deals. 5. **adapt** there will be a million times when things won't go your way. when the outcome of an action, an effort or an attempt will not go as planned. when something you thought your partner would love ends up turning them off... and you will have to adapt. that's your best survival strategy. you need to learn that your partner comes from a different background, family and history. they think different from you and there are many things they will want to do differently. so you need to consider that sometimes you will have to either adjust your ways or give a few of them up in order to make the team work. which leads to the next point... 6. **compromising is necessary** a lot of times you will have to weight how necessary it is for you to keep your habits and ways *vs* adopting your partner's *or* creating new ones. you can't always create a conflict out of these differences. and you can't expect your partner to always be willing to give up. no matter how submissive they might be. remember this is a team work and both parts need to feel equally important and considered. so compromising will be needed from both ends and you need to be very smart about it. you need to find the balance between staying true to your core beliefs and to yourself and building a new shared set of rules and habits with your partner. 7. **be willing to learn** and finally, humbleness will be very important. a new person in your life can always bring new and interesting things to the table. all of their experiences, thoughts and beliefs are filled with rich information from a very different perspective from yours. be prepared to keep your eyes and ears open to learn as much as you can from these. they will make you a wiser and more experienced person. it will help you understand the world from someone else's angle and most likely be useful to improve the way you see and do life. tl;dr: at the end of the day, you are together because you want to build a stronger and better unit that will make you both happy and grow as better persons. so your best bet is to try to create an ideal environment for this to happen. to nourish the stimuli that will keep you both interested and to keep the information flowing so that you can both find the best strategies to improve the relationship everyday.	6
we did it booois my imaginary girlfriend dumped me	0
my crush just asked me out unprovoked later virgins ~~how do i romance a boy please help what do i do with him~~	0
a guy from an all boys school [16m] texted me [16f] this. what does this mean? i met this guy at a summer camp, and he recently texted me this. is he asking me to prom or what? i go to an all boys school and met my crush (she goes to public school) at camp. i asked her to hang out after camp was over but she said she couldn't (even though she said she said "we should hangout sometime" 3 weeks before. so, my worry is that if i ask her to hangout again she will say no. so, my plan is to hint that i will ask her to prom. this way when i ask her "hey, wanna hangout? i gotta ask you something " she will say yes. him: "do you take ap bio" me: "yeah" .... (later on in the convo) him: "how school lol" him: "any major events?" me: "nah" him: "we have prom in may" him: "hbu" me: "april" him: "that's cool" him: "i didn't ask anyone to mine yet lol" tl;dr - a guy from an all boys school texted me this conversation, and i would like to know what it means.	19
i'm 26 today, happy birthday to me! do you have any good birthday stories? i was debating going to the beach for margaritas, and then getting my nose pierced. when is it too old to get a nose piercing..? what fun birthday stories do you all have? in a perfect world, how would you celebrate your birthday? hope everyone has a fantastic day today!	0
i talked to a girl today got in a fight with my mum	2
i (f30) asked my gf (f34) if she had any celebrity crushes and it went south quick we're long distance and i was on the phone with her talking about a close friend who's son had recently come out to her that he's bi'ish (them horomones are raging for everyone ). mom friend said she knew he was gay for some time. and i was trying to speak about bi-erasure when i mentioned i had a celebrity unrequited love list when i was younger. i don't really remember it now... gf starts doing the slow uh...huh... but i dumbly charge on, oblivious to her hesitation (until now) and asked her about celebrity crushes or like a 1 time get outta jail free card hypothetical. and she said no one and i was like really? no one if you had a shot that one specific person? she said before we were together maybe but now that we are no never. and i'm like ok that's cool but then she asks me if i would want that and i said that outta respect for her not wanting that sort of thing then no i wouldn't consider anyone. she asks if she said she was cool with then would i be? i said if she was but she's not so it doesn't matter. she now thinks that since i would be cool with it i must not think she's enough. that she only considers me. i was thinking it was just a game and i said just because i said if we were like that i would consider it doesn't mean i love you or am attracted to you any less. to be clear: -i'm not thirsting after other ppl while currently in a relationship -i do not believe she should change her mindset to a more open relationship nor do i even want an open relationship (i've said this to her) -i said if we were 2 consenting adults into that type of deal i would still have reservations. i do not wanna bang whoever/whenever/wherever as many as i please kinda thing. it was a one time celebrity freebee no more no less. it kept transitioning from hypothetical to real because she asked if i would be open to it and i said yeah but i'm not because i'm committed. i've seen this question asked before as some kinda game i didn't think it would be looked into so deeply. she hung up on me mad af and i'm trying to figure out how to come about this correctly because she said i hurt her feelings how do i explain that there's a difference between me going out/being loose and me just saying that if she agreed i might be open to it and that doesn't mean i'm looking at ppl over her or i want her less or i don't believe she's the most gorgeous woman i've ever been with how do i explain that my respect to her shows i care more for her than anything that i would refuse to even think like that out of respect to her? tldr: my girlfriend is afraid she's not enough for me because i asked her if she had a one time get outta jail free card for a celebrity. she's the love of my life i tell her this every day has anyone ever asked that question and it backfired? does it really seem like that sort of question is one someone who didn't love you would ask?	1
- by getting permanently banned from all religious education and exams so, this actually happened 9 years ago, but a post reminded me of it. i'm from the uk, i grew up in a small country village and spent most of my time in the local town out messing about/drinking (i was 15, shock and horror). i was in my final year at secondary school, the year before i hadn't studied religious education as it clashed with another class of mine. so as i walked into our first class of the year i saw our teacher who is often referred to as "the green giant" which is a reference to a cartoon character because he was over 7ft tall and me being the cocky bastard said "what's up john?", massive mistake. he pointed at the door and bellowed for me to get out, go to the office and never come back. i personally thought this was a massive over reaction, never come back? turns out, the old fellow wasn't messing about, usually i'd just skip the office and go do something else at this point but i was baffled by his outburst i decided to just go to the office, the head of my year turned up and let me know that i wasn't to return to his lessons ever again. i thought "great! i was barely taught anything in those lessons anyway!", shrugged it off and used that lesson time to do coursework. fast forward to the end of the year when you take most of your exams (gcse's) in the uk, it was the day of the re exam and i had already planned out what i was going to put in the exam as i had spent my own time prepping for it, and felt better off than i would of been other wise. i turn up to the exam later that day and bam, my head of year is there (guy looked like count dracula and walked around with his hands behind his back, once asked me how he knew my family better than me, but that's another story), so this guy puts a hand up and walked infront of me, causing me to walk into his hand. "no tom, you were banned from any and all re lessons and exams", i was furious, this was an easy exam, it only counted as a half grade but i was trying to get into college and study physcology, computer science and music technology. i walked away very frustrated. i later found out that calling the re teacher by his name had only exacerbated my situation and they were trying to find a way to keep me as far away from that subject as possible. as a kid and even to this day i love asking the question "but why?", i love knowing more information and this would be great for school right? wrong. learn what they tell you and don't question it. my school was not a christian school, it had no religious aligning. so when i worked out that 88% of 3 years of teaching my re teacher provided was about christianity, i was shocked and honestly a bit disturbed. i presented this to our head teacher and was assured it would be dealt with. it wasn't and i got told by a teacher after i left that the school was worried i would bring this situation public attention and damage the schools reputation as the re teacher refused to teach anymore about other religions as he didn't believe in them. p.s i didn't get into those courses for a couple of reasons out of my control, but just finished my first year of full-time work in the job/industry i love. it all works out in the end if you keep trying tl;dr: i called my re teacher by his first name and had worked out he refused to equally teach us all religions and got banned from all religious classes and exams.	0
yayy my parents agreed and i got the day of from studies later asians	0
crazy how sharks don't even know my name i love sharks a lot! but they don't even know i exist i don't even know if i exist fuck	7
chewing hard candy on the side i dont have a root canal, and i ended up breaking my teeth anyway. fml. so.. i have a root canal on the right side of my mouth. i'm still saving up for a crown, so as of now, it's a really weak tooth and i try to take extra care. my teeth genetically have super weak enamel and are hella prone to cavities (but hey at least they're naturally perfectly straight ). i have a very strict dental routine to try to decrease my risk of getting cavities as much as possible. and i never eat candy except on halloween. well, it's halloween and i want my goddamn candy so i was eating the hardest fucking candy on earth and of course i'm a fat fuck who chews it so i can eat more in a shorter period of time. i thought "let me chew on the left side of my mouth so i don't break my root canal tooth on the right side". here i am grinding through tons of candy only on the right side of my mouth. and then i feel something get stuck in between my teeth.... i grab some floss and out comes a piece of my fucking tooth. my tooth got stuck in between my teeth. this is literally my worst nightmare. i have so many dreams of my teeth breaking. but nooooo i just had to eat candy tonight like a moron who should know better. i'm legit never eating candy again. good news is, my tooth with the root canal is perfectly fine...	12
oh thank god my morning of procrastinating and getting nothing done is finally over. time to reward myself with a break	12
i have my first ever job interview tomorrow so after been trying over a year to get a job after leaving school i finally got a job interview! and i was even more ecstatic as it's for a clothing store i really love and i wasn't expecting it at all. on top of that i'm quite enthusiastic about fashion. i was really starting to get bummed as i had gone through and changing my cv multiple times, tried applying online, going in to places and handing it in, and i was just getting no offers for an interview at all. i know it can be a hard process trying to find a job, but everyone around me my age we're getting jobs left right and centre. though, it's probably no surprise because i didn't pass all of my gcses and i've dropped out of college twice so it's just the consequences i suppose. that's another reason why i was surprised because i wouldn't think this brand would just take just anybody on, but i guess they liked my personality and the skills and hobbies i have. i'm super nervous because i really really want this job and as i've never had experience in this field before or even had experience with job interview i'm not exactly sure what to expect. i've done research about this specific brand and retail job interviews in general and the questions don't seem that bad, it's just about standing out. also i think it's going to be a group interview too so that makes me even more nervous. but anyway, i'm gonna spend the rest of the night researching again lol. please wish me luck :)	4
yall ever just... i'm totally fried right now, and i think i tricked my mom into thinking i'm sober	1
i want to pee do you want to go swordfighting with me in the toilet or......	5
it's my 28th birthday today! this morning i got my nexplanon implant removed so that my husband and i can start trying for our first child. it's a great day	19
first cake day = more karma ? g uys! today is my cake day and i feel so stupid. i forgot to make a meme. and i didn't want to v ividly steal someone else's because that's not e pic. so instead i'm resorting to becoming a k arma whore and just beg for the sweet a mazing feeling of getting upvotes. it's been. r eally weird seeing post about cake days and it's m y time and i blew it. i feel completely a shamed in myself. have a nice day	10
being in a rush to get home on a friday tifu by forgetting and being in a rush. it's friday and just wanted to leave work and get home. so get in my car and start driving and get on i-70 to leave downtown. 4 lanes so obviously wanna be on either one of left two lanes. speed limit is 55, but lets be real no one drives under 70 on there. make my way to the left lane and about ten minutes later, my car starts slowing down. i know i don't use cruise control so i'm like wtf and scan my way to the gas meter and it was at that moment i knew i fucked up. in such a rush i forgot to stop and fill up gas. before getting on highway. so luckily i made my way to the shoulder. lol my first thought was to get an uber then came back to reality. sat there for about ten minutes in my car laughing at myself for actually being that dumb and forgetting to fill up. mid laugh i remembered i've had a gas can in my trunk and luckily there was just enough gas for me to get to next exit and fill my car up. that's my l for the month. til it's convenient to keep a full gas can in your trunk for dumb people like me. tl;dr:spaced on the amount of gas left in my car which in turn ran out and stopped in the middle of a highway	1
r/unsentletters wont let me post anything	4
where to buy 70s fashion? i've been googling, probably ineffectively, and haven't found items that don't either look cheap or tacky/costume-like. i'm female, but i don't mind if it's men's fashion; i don't wear dresses or skirts anyway.	10
taking an early lunch little backstory: i had just taken a vacation to mexico and had the time of my life! the food as well as the tequila was tasty. i had been eating great healthy fresh food and had to settle on the way back home for some airport pizza. also when i got home had some fast food the next day. i'm finally home from the trip, and our kitchen is empty(we're moving) so i can't take any good home cooked food for lunch. my stomach is upset with my recent food choices and has been forcing me to take bathroom breaks throughout my morning. i look at the time and it's nearing lunch, and i have a sneeze attack. 4 of these bastards come out of nowhere and i didn't feel like i needed to use the restroom but guess what. jokes on me. i play it off, casually clock off and drive home in disgust. now i'm home, finishing my business, about to hop in the shower. fml tl;dr went on vacation, ate good. came home, ate bad. plus sneezing made me take an early lunch.	1
getting ghosted tldr: got ghosted after he said we should take things serious so i've never been ghosted before and this one sucks. a fwb of mine brought up the idea after and a few months of hanging out that he'd want to make what him and i more exclusive, i said yes. so naturally literally over the next week, texts got short and and we both knew to give each other space and i did. didn't text him for like 3 days. today i sent just a "hey how's it goin" and instantaneously left on read. fuck	14
these hoes ain't loyal	16
i- just saw somebody put a tw for -_- emoticon pleaseeeakdkfks trigger warnings r for actual trauma bro im prayin they werent srs but they seem like it helppp	4
everyone follow s3zle follow u/s3zle or your healthcare is revoked	16
i love my hobbies, but i need more! hi! i'm 23 years old and i have lots of hobbies. my top 5 are: 1. gaming 2. tv viewing 3. reading 4. talking 5. eating stuff that i haven't eaten before i would like to know how many hobbies you have, how many would you like to have, how much time do you spend on them, how much money do you spend on them, do you do it daily, weekly, monthly, alone, with friends, family, pets? from my experience i don't seem to find time for them but i still love them all. if you can help me figure out a way to make it easier i would appreciate it! in short: tell me everything about your hobbies and give advice!	0
this girl can't sleep... i'm just lying here thinking obsessively about my problems and then i thought....there has to be other people awake right now. i just need to take my mind off stuff until my eyelids get heavy	6
i just sneezed and no one said bless you but i never let the haters bring me down	16
i'm thinking about getting a tattoo... my dad is offering to pay for my first tattoo because he loves them and wants to see me get one done but i don't know what to get! i'm thinking about a cute little ghost or some flowers but i want something that's easy to cover and doesn't hurt too much... neck is a no go anyone want to show me what they've got? i could use some ideas	6
trusting my gag reflex a little back story first, my boyfriend shaved his beard off last night and then i cut his hair. we cleaned up, got into bed and cuddled up. we ended up fucking, as per, and everything was normal. he came inside and i used a towel to clean up, as did he. fast forward to his morning, he wakes up with a raging boner. as always he's trying to fuck, i suggest he turns me on and we see where it goes. it's all going normally, i get on top into 69 and find a few hairs when i first get there. nothing unusual as there are dogs around. i carry on, keep sucking, getting deeper and deeper when all of a sudden i can't stop gagging, which is really unusual for me. i can tell he's getting really close so i didn't want to stop. i carried on sucking still gagging away, when all of a sudden i can feel this hairball in my throat and it's really not going away. i tried to breathe around it, cough it out, the lot. all to no avail! i thought it had gone away when all of a sudden my entire mouth filled with hairy, pre cummy sick and i had no time to stop it escaping my mouth with him balls deep at the time. it went everywhere! it flooded around his dick, out of my mouth and covered every area you can imagine. down his but crack, all over the bed, in his pubes, all over his balls. literally covered in it. it's a good job he loves me because that was beyond gross. thankfully we managed to laugh it off, but it sure as hell killed the mood for me (standard man, still requested i get on top and finish the job) tl;dr today i ignored the fact i was gagging on a hit while i sucked my boyfriends dick and ended up covering him in hairy, cummy vomit.	1
post breakup and all the hurts you go through. so me and my girlfriend of 2 months broke up last tuesday. and after days of consideration and trying to distract myself by hanging with friends and family it hit me this morning that it's supposed to hurt, and it's okay to let it hurt for a little while. like i just got the hoodie back that she had and i carried it to my room, when i tossed it on my bed i got a whiff of her perfume and it kinda sucked, then i was cleaning my car and i found her lip gloss, that hurt too. but it's supposed to hurt for a while basically i'm here to let y'all know that even though it's gonna hurt for a while, being with friends and talking can help ease the pain some, even coming to reddit or twitter to vent can help some, but ultimately the only cure is gonna be time. so its not bad to let it hurt and play sad songs and shed some tears, in the end you've got this because you're an amazing human being and you have a whole life full of encounters with other people ahead of you. so maybe take some time to reminisce about your relationship and your time with your so, maybe try to patch things up if it wasn't a bad breakup. but after you've done some healing, take what you learned from that relationship and when you're ready for it, go talk to that cute person, give the girl you're crushing on your number, or start flirting with that girl you sit next to in class. now i'm not saying it will go like that for everyone, but ultimately do what is right for you, whatever that is. and if you've read this far then here's a little love	3
gonna say it, might regret it i'm horny, so girls hmu	8
my (25) boyfriend (25) is extremely anxious about the fact that we weren't exclusive when we started dating hello everybody! i met my now boyfriend around january and we were non-exclusive for less than a month. before this time, i used to date a few people and after we met for the first time, i saw two people that i knew from before. at first i didn't want to be in a relationship or exclusive so i told him that i was seeing other people. at that time he was more or less fine with it. i ended up falling in love with him fast and as soon as i got feelings i stopped seeing anybody else. we became a couple and things were wonderful at first but he started to get very anxious that i saw other people after we met and slept together. he doesn't blame me, he hates feeling that way. it's starting to get bad: he can't sleep, he eats less. i suggested he sees a therapist but he doesn't seem to want to. i'm doing everything i can to help him, i used to be very anxious so i know how horrible it is. i just don't know what to tell him anymore. i love him so much and it breaks my heart to see him like that. he just can't stop having images in his head and it's fucking him up. i hope i was clear enough. i guess this is a common problem, that whole exclusivity thing :( what can i do to help him get better? and is it gonna get better eventually? i'm really scared tl;dr : my boyfriend is really anxious about the fact that i saw other people when we weren't exclusive yet	14
you ever just stalk random people's reddit accounts like i just look through all their comments and stuff idk	5
got into another fight today no repercussions yet	0
so if everyone starts off female in the womb does that mean all men are trans men	10
this subreddit feels dead right now waake up everyone !!!!! or i could just go on another subreddit right .	7
the cops pulled us over (for a good reason tho) so i was with my friend walking in the busy street and we crossed the road without waiting for the street to calm down. a cop was right there in his car and pulled us over and just basically told us how ppl are getting killed out here and we need to be careful. i kept saying "im so sorry" bc i was so nervous and thought it was "embarrassing" but what happens in the street, stays in the street because my parents will not be knowing about this. hopefully the cops dont work at my dads school tho and tell him about how he pulled over two black girls. the friend had left her house bc abusive shit was going on but this experience was a 7/10 and i will be doing this again. but i gotta get my friend to start being more respectful in the streets bc i dont want cops getting us again	4
which tv scene made you pull on your crotch? you know what i mean, you dirty minded people you know those scenes where you get aroused so you start pulling on your junk mine was probably in game of thrones, when kal drogo was having sex with daenerys	19
scared of throwing up and i'm having stomach issues and having a panic attack. anybody awake to talk?? [deleted]	4
i miss that 24 year old chick that used to trade nudes w me yeah she was technically a pedophile but do i care? absofuckinglutely not she was so much fun	14
really exciting things are happening for me and i don't really know where else to talk about how happy it makes me the last year had been really hectic for me and i hit a new low in terms of my mental health. but i recently moved back to a city where i've got a community that i love! i've been struggling a bit since i moved but i'm finally in a really good place, and it feels incredible. i don't really know who else to talk to about this (most of my friends are probably over me gushing about it) but i'm really proud of how far i've come and super thankful for all of the opportunities that have come my way. there's been an amazing group of people who've gone out of their way to look out for me and i'm not quite sure what i even did to deserve it. anyway, i didn't really know where else to post this or talk about it, but it feels really good to be this happy and to know that i won't have to worry about rent or paying for groceries anymore! hope that everyone gets to experience at least a little bit of that feeling today	6
i asked my old girl if we should give it another shot she said she can't so yeah i'm basically chillin rn	0
there's no toga top in the avatar editor 0/10 wouldn't recommend	16
just got pulled over for air drumming could be much worse things going on rn but pls sir pull me over and question me over tapping my steering wheel	7
head games... so, basically me and my fiance broke up in october, because i was hiding something that i should of told her, so when the time came, i had to tell her, and well, she didn't take it good, she ended with me.. i moved out pretty quickly without telling her, she was on tinder within a couple of days, i was staying in my friends sofa, drinking etc, a week or so later, i found out she slept with a guy in our house, and i basically got my own back and slept with 3 people in a week, which isn't like me may i add... however, i wasn't honest, hidden it from her, she told me she didn't want me back, but then i hit the wall, realised what i was doing wrong, we decided to take it slow, but everything i done within the month of us parting was coming out, my friends stabbed me in the back, we no longer speak.. begging of december we slept together for the first time, and she cried, said it shouldn't of happened, been on a date, and lied to me, even though she hates me lying. on boxing day i met up with my last ex to get closure and to hear her say sorry for how she treated me, i was going to tell my ex when she got back from her holiday, but a friend went behind my back and told her! great friends i have. new year eve my recent ex spent the night with my so called friends, and we argued the whole night, as she was listening to the rubbish they was telling her, even when i was being honest, she didn't believe me, so i blocked her. new year's day i woke up to a message of ' ' saying she was sorry etc, so i gave in, we spoke deeply, agreed one last chance for me to prove her wrong, felt kinda good, then the next day, she said she changed her mind, that she needs space to think, however, yes i was dishonest and hurt her a lot, but she hurt me a lot too, mentally and physically. she doesn't want to loose me completely, but not talk for a month, but i'm willing to give my all for her, as when we was together, it was so healthy and happy. so i got the courage to say i can't wait and watch or hear about her doing's whilst getting space. what do i do! i've had a few relationships, but this one was different, i wanted to marry this girl, as much as i don't believe in it. do i just focus on myself, but a part of me hoping, or completely let go? because my gut is saying she will realise, and come back.	4
me [25 f] having troubles with getting rid of my resentment once again i dont know if this is the right subreddit for this (?) (all time reddit problem for me ) but i'm having trouble letting go of resentment and want to know how to. its about my ex-mother in law. i had a relationship with my ex for 4,5 years and he was codependent in multiple relationships in his life at the same time. he's 'the giver' and his mother 'the taker', sort to say. in our relationship i catered to his needs for too long and not listening to my own and it reached a breaking point. i wrote all of 'the wrongs' down, atleast what felt like it for me. but it doesnt feel like a relief/resolved and i dont feel ready to get to the forgiving step. as far as there are steps for feelings tl;dr how to let go of resentment?	9
was eating a cookie and dropped it in my milk	14
please translate this for me iba ehves gothaka uncle a vaahaka nudhakaanan and thats that	16
trying to teach my friend how to use her computer in class well - this literally just happened maybe 30 minutes ago. i'm gonna try and keep this short and sweet because i'm dying on the inside of both embarrassment and urge to hysterically crack the fuck up at any given moment. so in my class my professor does not post any lecture notes/slides and we're all responsible for our own notes. my friend and i decided we would type notes together on google docs so that one of us is always paying attention or we can catch stuff that the other might miss and do this all in real time. it was going well at first and then the professor started writing chicken scratch stuff on the digital projector and i couldn't keep up with what he was saying and trying to comprehend his notes so my friend and i decided to covertly take photos of the screen and just post it to the google doc and transcribe it later. my friend and i both have iphones and macbooks and she kept texting me the photos she took as i was uploading the ones i took. so i told her - to make things easier for me, she should just upload her photos herself because all the photos you take on your phone syncs to icloud and are therefore automatically accessible on your macbook as well. she didn't realize how to do this so i said, "lt's easy i'll show you" and clicked on the photos app on her macbook. 1 second later my heart pitted into my stomach as the first picture loaded up, before i could react i heard her gasp and slam her laptop shut. i had just accidentally exposed her reverse cowgirl positioned nude photo on bright ass retina display. we both started cracking up, but like out of nervous embarrassment and fear. i dunno if the people behind me saw, but i know the dude on the other side of her definitely saw. she handed me her laptop and told me she can't close it and wanted me to do it and i literally grabbed her laptop and hugged it not knowing how i was gonna open it back up without anyone seeing. every time i looked at her to try and say something i literally could feel myself die a little on the inside, i was about to fucking corpse and burst out in laughter too in class and i didn't even fucking know why. i handed it back to her and told her to go outside and close it. and then she ran out with her laptop and i waited like 5 minutes before i followed behind her. i apologized profusely. my friend wasn't mad at me but i'm not allowed to touch anything on her computer ever again. she's also gonna drive me home after class so i'm looking forward to that car ride. **tl;dr:** tried to show my friend how to receive photos from her iphone to her macbook via icloud. exposed her nude photo when i opened the app in class and at least one other person saw aside from me, and possibly two people behind us in a tiered classroom. dying of humiliation, embarrassment and for some reason have an urge to crack up everything i look at my friend. still in class and it happened like 30 minutes ago.	7
horny post sike	5
my friends always end up sexualising me whenever they are like "we'll find you a gf" it always ends up with them making jokes about me having sex	1
my friend messaged me saying he wants an 8 inch dick in his ass and then immediately deleted the message i'm scared guys and it's gross like eweeeeeeeewewweweeeewwewwwewwwweewweeeewwwwwewwwwewewww	4
dating is too fuckin hard! like, me, i'm outgoing, funny, reasonably good looking, have an easy time starting conversations with total strangers, and talk to girls just as easily as i do men, if not more easily. and...i still suck at dating. it's just too damn hard. like, discounting that most girls are taken, too many rules to follow, too many shots you have to take for too few successes. i don't want to be rejected 500 times before my first yes, not only does that suck, but i have a life and would rather be doing things i ebjoy, outside of hitting on girls. what's weird for me in particular is that my friends don't know why, i don't even know why, they say i'm not ugly, so they say it's because i'm depressing, but i'm also too hyper, but i'm also too unconfident, but i'm also too arrogant. damn, dating is a headache! edit: guess i just don't hate myself enough. and here i thought self-loathing was what put me on suicide watch all those times. thanks for the advice, everyone	17
tell me something interesting about your nationality or whatever you want to call it i'll start i'm nigerian-american and did you know 98% of nigeria is homophobic	0
i love how people think england isn't part of europe anymore because of brexit like, what do they think happened? england is part of africa now?	1
i haven't had a person text me wyd in like 7 months, it's always me that asks them what they're doing. so they even care i exist? or is the all new subway meatball sub 12 inch for only $7.89 for a limited time, more important no but fr why don't they text me	2
congrats to those who graduated but it's the juniors time now	0
i got what it takes to be a meme dealer just give me a chanceeeeee	13
listening to radiohead instead of train announcements this actually happened last december but i'm yet to make a bigger screw-up on public transport and that's saying a lot. so i live in england and last december, one of my hockey teams had a night out planned in blackpool, and i needed to go to preston to get some stuff done and on from there. it's a direct train so it should have been simple. i got my hair cut, had some food, and got to the train station in plenty of time. i checked the boards, and the train was on time. got to the platform and put my earphones in like usual. this wasn't a route i had done before, but what could go wrong? it's a direct train: so long as i watched the boards and listened out for the announcements if the board showed any changes, it would be fine. i would arrive in plenty of time to get picked up from the station and driven to join my teammates at the accommodation, from whence we would walk to revolution to start the night off. there were no changes to the train platform, and no delays displayed, and the right train appeared on the platform. i got on and it all seemed to be going fine. i didn't recognise the place names but yk, i hadn't done this route. about 15 minutes in, my dad called me to say find-a-friend was showing me going a different way than expected and insisted i check with someone. i sighed and asked a nearby lady if this was the train to blackpool north, and she said yes. all good. i got increasingly-suspicious though as i passed lancaster, which i could have sworn was the wrong direction. but i stuck it out for a bit and checked maps to see where i was headed. and that's when i realised i had verily fucked up. to cut a long story short, what had happened was i had technically got on the right train, but me with my earphones in hadn't heard the announcement to say the train is split into two carriages and that the carriage i was on wasn't the one going to blackpool north...it was the one going to the lakes. i ended up in carnforth and had to get back to preston and go on from there. on the flip side though, i ended up being really late to the accommodation and was just going to get a taxi to revolution, but it turned out my teammates had decided to wait for me. made my day. if anyone can work out how to attach a photo on mobile then lmk and i'll attach a map showing the routes but if not, a google search of 'blackpool to carnforth via preston' will show you what you need **tl;dr: was supposed to go on a team night out in blackpool, ended up 40 miles away in pretty much the lake district**	9
about to hit three years at my job and i'm finally feeling like a valued member of the team i had my annual review today and i have been really anxious about it. i tend to get anxious about things and especially when it's about my work performance. this last year with my company has been one of the hardest, most challenging, and rewarding years of my career. i feel like i finally figured out how to do my job really well and that people can rely on me. there are some difficult personalities that i have to deal with in the office and it's been a struggle to retain morale and motivation. i went in to the review determined to be confident and speak openly about what i enjoy about my position, the things that are difficult about it, and to ask for a raise due to my perceived value i have added to the company. i felt so awkward and uncomfortable about asking, but i am happy to say i asked and they agreed to give me 75% of my asking increase it's a small thing but i'm proud of myself. it's taken me a long time to realize it's important and ok to be assertive. just needed to share this with someone!	6
i'm excited to be here	19
some people just get to ahead of themselves edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger	19
damn i tried drawing something today but soon realised how bad i am never again	0
so my first week as a 37 year old went like this.. i got a flat tire 2 days after putting a new tube on my bike. three of my friends died within 2 days of each other, someone was shot in the ankle in front of my house, my uncle died on saturday and i lost my job at a coffee shop that wasn't even open two months.. how was your week?	1
does this mean something? so this girl put me in her private story on snapchat for a while then took me out of it (probably because i ignore it on purpose) then she recently added me back again on it again. me and this girl dated and liked each other before (don't know if this helps but yessir)	10
nobody knew today was my birthday. outside of my family members, i don't think more than 3 people remembered it was my birthday. i'm not really upset about it, but being a 17 year old guy you would think more of my friends would remember. i guess people are already starting to forget about me before college even starts. on a good note, i just met a really cute girl who is super cool so that's good. how are the rest of you guys doing today?	9
good bye guys this may be my last post because i accidentally used body wash on my hair. the only thing that can save me now is reddit premium, but i don't know if are bros enough	13
super long bus ride, entertain me with your questions/stories going to my parents' for the weekend and 5 min into the bus ride and i already know this will be dreadful. to top it all off, i have had a complicated week and haven't been feeling my best. let's do as the sub says and have some casual conversation! questions and tales of your own adventures are much appreciated	19
freaking out about exams tomorrow, anyone got any tips? i have my massive high school exams tomorrow, i have studied and i think i'm sort of prepared. but every time i try to go to sleep my brain ticks into a mode where all i think about i was how much i need to remember i'm so unbelievably stressed does anyone have any tips for staying positive and calm? thanks	3
taking a shit in the forest so i went boating with my family today and as we got to the river i really needed to take a shit. unfortunately though there were no toilets in reach. so i had to do it in the forest. i kneel down in a slav position to get ready and right then a mosquito lands on my ballsack and proceeds to sting me. so i got my balls sucked. later virgins	0
my boyfriend (23m) and i (22f) mutually agreed to break up to work on ourselves, but i keep regretting doing so. my (22f) boyfriend (23m) and i have been together for about 2 years now. we met each other through mutual friends not for match-making purposes, but to see if we got along with each other for a group summer trip (he was the only other single person going besides myself). i wasn't looking to date (and still am not) because i was very focused on not only some personal goals i had at the time, but also because i enjoy being by myself and want to stay focused on my never-ending journey of (yes, i know it sounds corny, please don't make fun of me lol) self enlightenment. but once we met, we started hanging out a lot. however, after a few months i started to feel myself getting attached. it freaked me out a $@&! ton. i knew it'd derail me from my goals. not only that, but also because i wasn't ready yet to get that close to someone emotionally (due to past issues). i told him that i was starting to get attached and that i didn't want it to distract me from what i wanted to do. but because i had already started to grow in love with him and genuinely knew i could trust him if i told him how i really felt, i didn't tell him the other half about my past emotional issues because i was afraid of being vulnerable. so i felt torn and it made me extremely sad and i cried a lot (first time in years, that's how upset i was). fast forward almost 2 years later and i love him more and more each day. he really is an angel and i'm so thankful i was able to meet such an amazing person. unfortunately, however, because we still continued to see each other for almost 2 years since i had my big crying meltdown, i've grown even more so in love and more attached. in the past 2 years i feel like i haven't moved forward with anything in my own personal life. it has unfortunately put a huge strain throughout the duration of the relationship, even considering how much in love we are. i've grown so unhappy with myself. so after many discussions and failed attempts, we broke up (but for real this time). this is the longest we haven't talked. it's been 3 days. i can't stop thinking about him. i miss him so much and i keep wondering why i did what i did. i keep wanting to text him and know everything will be back to normal if i do, but i also know if i do so i'll be back at square one and won't continue to make progress in my own life. granted i'm only on day 3 so it's still fresh, but it's so hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel. we agreed to see each other and talk again after 22 days in hopes of continuing our relationship as friends, but i can't get my mind right and feel like i might relapse when i do see him again (if i can even make it that long lmao). he's had such a huge impact on me and always will hold a special place in my heart. but i feel so pathetic right now. idk what i'm even doing. any advice or feedback is appreciated. tl;dr: hard to get over my (22f) boyfriend (23m) of 2 years.	3
letting my husband lick a drop of water off my chest after my shower. it was snot. i've been awfully sneezy this morning. damn allergies.	1
getting divorced but still dating? i've been married to my husband almost three years (25f and 26m). back in may, i cheated on him. it was wrong. ive started going to therapy etc. july 1 he filed. we have court next month to finalize. the whole ordeal was, rightfully so, devastating to him. we have one child together that we are co-parenting well. i've moved out. we have an uncontested divorce. the past week we've been seeing each other. he wants to start dating me again and "go with the flow" but is so adamant on getting this divorce. says he wants to see if i will fight for him and choose him even if we were divorced. i'm so confused by this and feel like if i'm putting in effort, yet he still wants to divorce, then i should just give up and move on. he gets upset with me when i ask him why i should keep trying if he's just divorcing me anyway. like he literally has a date planned for us days before our divorce is final. what do i do ?	5
i wanna be in a relationship which is weird af this is so hard admitting which is why i'm doing it in a throwaway funny cuz no one knows my account anyway irl lmao. so a few years ago i was so against dating. then i met this girl who literally begged me to date her (we both knew we liked each other) this went on for a year before we dated. we dated for around 3 years before she cheated. we were both so weird u have no idea.. when i got to know her initially i was like "this can't be... someone must be playing a prank on me" because she was weird as fuck but i'm weird as fuck too we couldn't decide who was weirder lmao. it's been a few years since her and i haven't dated anyone. soo... idk after her i just didn't see the point. (she was the first i dated btw) so, i'm in the military and i stopped seeing my parents about a year ago and we barely get to talk bc i'm so busy and i was facetiming my mom and all through it i couldn't stop thinking about ^^^ that^.. but yeah.. i miss having that connection with someone. tbh i bought there's anyone out there that's as a weird a fuck as i am lmfao	4
list of my favorite users on this sub: me	0
tonight i told my gran that i loved her my gran is 90. she's deaf to the point where i can stand with my mouth against her ear and shout and she can't hear me. she's been living with us for about 6 years now and the age definitely shows itself. my mom has had some worrying health issues for the past 6 months and my gran asked about them tonight for what must've been the millionth time. instead of getting irritated at having to repeat myself (it's happens a lot - and anyone that's dealt with people that can't hear will know that it's tit-grating to have to shout all the time) i took a notepad and wrote everything down for her. she asked me questions and i did my best to write fast enough to answer. somewhere in the conversation i wrote down that i loved her. the way she smiled made me realise that she probably my hasn't heard that phrase in literally years. i'm sorry if it's not the right place to post this but it made me sit back and think about all the old people we've encountered in our lives that don't have someone to tell them that they are loved. i know i'll make a more conscious effort to let my gran know that i love her and i guess i'm just hoping i can convince one other person to do the same. have you told your old person that you love them recently? i'm sure they would love to hear it.	3
summertime blues man, the summertime is making me feel so emotionally detached from everyone i love, and this shit h u r t s. like i just wanna tell all of my friends how much i love them out of nowhere, but that'd be kinda strange. i really keep on wanting to tell it to * as well, but it would seem unnatural if i did it out of nowhere so meh. this is too personal to put onto my rant account, but too soft to go onto my throw away account. so it's u/eggsnasty time , thank you reddit for letting me come to you with my problems :)	0
masturbated like 3 times so far today and my dick is only kinda sore	0
look at this short film im boty cringing at and very proud of. *the film: treatment* <url> * in dept analysis of my first short film experience, bc i know it's so bad* <url> edit: fixed website okay so i know it's counter productive to post a terrible first short film and then a terribly long blog post about it, but i would like to do a few things with this post: - im not very open about my work, for some reason. you guys seem pretty responsive. so yeah, i need to get out there, even if it means putting my worst foot forward (bc nothing i put out there after this could be worse i believe. absolutely nothing) - i'd like to see what strangers think (bc all my friends are like "wow how good" and i'm like "how can you be my friend and lie right to my face?") - and about it being bad, yeah i know it's bad. i'd like to help others who are also afraid of putting their stuff out there. they need to know: literally nothing you do could possibly be worst then this bud, you do you!! but feel free to comment on it. i love criticism! - i mainly want to get y'all's opinion my my blog about my experience, i need tips and like .. what should i have done?? is there something i could have done to make this experience better for everyone involved?? what would you have done differently? i'd love to know bc i'm gonna redo this shit, mark my words. but yeah. i'm here for responses and what not and i'm sorry if i'm breaking the rules by plugging myself, but check out that blog or the other crap i put on that channel. it's not much and it's not terribly good, but one day... one day... sorry if it seems like i'm promoting myself, but i am proud even if it sucks real big black balls	1
what if we played roblox together ahahah jkjk unless? u/tinkerbell2678	5
school starts tomorrow that's right guys it's my first day of highschool tomorrow i'm really anxious because i'm high risk and i'm being forced to go to school i'm getting so anxious to the point of throwing up. so many bad things happened this year with people from my school so i really just do not wanna see them. how do i control my fear? oh also how do i make my dark circles better? i've been sleeping well for weeks but they aren't gone yet. please help me	2
who else went to see big hero 6? i loved it! baymax is the most cuddly robot, i love him. i especially loved the art and animation. what were your thoughts and feelings on it?	6
i hate south east london especially stockwell/brixton, istg it's where all the crackheads get together. i went to a restaurant with my mum and sister and we sat by the window, and then a guy outside notices my mum and knocks on the window to try and get her attention, what for? just go on with your life smh- she didn't even notice btw lmao. but fr i hate going there, one other time a man smashed his glass bottle on the floor less than 2m away from me...	4
it's my birthday! it's my birthday today! i was really hoping for new computer parts but my family is too poor to afford them... why does being a pc gamer have to be so expensive anyways how was your guys day? i hope i might be able to upgrade my computer by next year :(	4
does anyone else dislike vacations or is it just me? currently on vacation right now, and it's reminding me of why i tend to dislike these vacations. maybe it's because my family likes to pack a million things/suitcases for the overseas trips. maybe it's also because the hotel rooms are so mundane? i don't know, it's nice to go out, but after like 6 days, i just want to get back to my house/room and relax. does anyone else feel this way or is it just me haha	9
tifu- dad stories pt.3 as promised, three more. we left off at the airport, where he stepped on a man, spit out gum on a passenger, broke a laptop and hit a woman with a suitcase. 1. fell out of his own truck trying to move in the driveway. i actually have video of this as well somewhere on my security camera. asked him what happened, he had no clue. i jokingly told him that he's gonna get brain damage if he keeps acting like this (running into things). he responds "i have no dain bermage" 2. dad and i are at mcdonald's getting dinner. this was when i went to school in the same city that we ran a business in, so we would often carpool. we pull into the drive thru and proceed to make our order. a homeless man walks up and proceeds to ask us for money. we give him what money we had in the door of the car as well as a fiver. he proceeds to walk forward in front of our truck as we're going to the next window, and dad runs over the guys foot. dude limps off. we get him to sit down, medic comes and checks him out and dude is miraculously ok, probably sprained or bruised but nothing broken. 3. dad is constructing a chicken coop for our hens that we had at the time. putting up a post, he turns around and nearly faceplants into it. turns around and goes "nice try fencepost, but you won't defeat me," then turns, walks into it, and breaks his nose. snapped it back into place like a champ, wetting himself in the process. tl:dr dad still has crazy stories and i have more	1
my [21f] boyfriend [26m] and best friend [21f] haven't really met before due to weird circumstances. what's the best way to go about having us all hang out together? disclaimer: there's a lot of weird details in this post. my boyfriend and i met working at starbucks together. my best friend got a job a few months after me working for starbucks as well, but at a different store, but she'd visit me at mine prior to my boyfriend and i dating, so she's interacted with him before. my boyfriend was in a long-term relationship up until... like, august of last year, and we started dating in october. now his ex girlfriend works at the same store as my best friend - let's call her ashley. before him and ashley broke up, i'd hung out with them once prior (with absolute platonic intentions; i have no interest or intentions with people in relationships), and with her finding out later that we were dating, she gossiped and vented a lot at work where her and my best friend are close-ish. when i first started dating my boyfriend, i had a lot of doubts, insecurities, and questions because this has been my first, real relationship in my adulthood, and dating someone who'd just gotten out of a long-term relationship before quickly dating me lead to a lot of discussions between my boyfriend and me and me and my best friend. my best friend and i have had a long and tumultuous relationship with a lot of ups and downs and breakups of our own. i've considered my friendship with her toxic multiple times, but we always gravitate toward each other again and make it work. anyway, at the beginning of my relationship with my boyfriend, i expressed a lot of doubts because i've just never experienced anything as serious to a relationship like i'm in before and have felt the most comfortable being single. that has since changed, and i can confidently say i'm absolutely in love and love my boyfriend so much. so much. it's taken me awhile (ok, so a few months lol) to be 100% about the relationship, but he's been empathetic, understanding, and open with my issues as well as my questions about his intentions. the thing is, my best friend and boyfriend are very different personality-wise. i feel awkward even questioning having us all hangout together, but with what i expressed to my best friend at the beginning of my relationship with my boyfriend and what his ex has gossiped about at work, i feel like it's just a weird dynamic to it already, and i'm not sure how i'd feel with us all hanging out. my boyfriend is smart and serious and witty but is also a little more silly and weird around me to a point where my best friend and him won't click. i know i'm jumping the gun here with assumptions. i just feel like my personality is compatible with both of theirs, but theirs won't be compatible together. idk. she also has a boyfriend who would probably have some fun (?) hanging out with all of us, but it just makes me anxious that she might judge him or just not get our relationship. i have so much anxiety over this and don't know if i've expressed myself well-enough. does anyone have any advice? tldr: my best friend and boyfriend have never hung out with me together, and i feel like their personalities might clash, and i feel it might make my dynamic with one of my relationships seem off.	2
i didn't choose roles in mafia as the god instead i just pretended there was a mafia and an angel but i randomly made up the events myself	0
type yy in google you'll see why	0
thought i was going to be a server, turns out i'm in charge of the venue! since feb i have been volunteering with a local private charity that helps people that have been diagnosed with cancer. the charity has its offices in a gorgeous buidling that used to be a private home. in addition to their work with cancer patients, they also rent out their building for special events. a few weeks ago i was asked to help out at a wedding reception that would be taking place at the center. i was under the impression that i was going to be working as server or a busboy, which was fine. i just arrived, however, and i discovered that i am actually being put in charge of the facility while the reception is taking place. i'm charged with letting the workers and wedding guests know where things are and what not. in a further coincidence, the groom has turned out to be an old school mate of mine. last night he was posting how excited he was about his wedding on facebook. it crossed my mind it might be *his* wedding reception i was scheduled to work at, but i kind of blew it off. it's funny how life works sometimes. have any of you had any similar experiences in your lives? the wedding guests won't start arriving for a few hours so i would love to have a friendly chat with guys. edit: typos and omitted words	6
yeah sex is great... later virgins	0
it's over candace you've busted your last brother	17
just talk to me so my weekend has been very uneventful. i'm currently a wine bottle down and watching top gun. talk to me. tell me what you can't tell someone else. ask me any question. drop a line for conversation.	19
er i just played what do you meme with my family what a fun experience and my parents were actually funny	5
mullet haircuts are weird seeing all these alt girls cut their hair into mullets leaves me with a strange feeling. on one hand, this hairstyle is absolutely repulsive to me but on the other hand damn gorl *mullets have broken my brain*	0
how do i make it easier to work on my to-read list? my problem is i'm actively seeking out books i know i'll like and buy them. for one, i know i'm going to need to stop myself from buying more books . but the thing is, i did and now it feels like a chore to read, like i have to finish this book to get onto the next one. any tips that will help me focus and enjoy the current book i'm reading?	1
cmon guys nobody wants to join the zoom i just wanna chat trust me i'm awkward too i'm just bored code: 777 9208 1075 password: 50qdgz	15
setting myself up and accidentally proposing to my gf some background; i'm 26 she's 25. we've been dating for almost 3 years, and i am planning on marrying her; i'm also a grown ass child, so putting together things like a proposal isnt a walk in the park. we went down to fl to visit her family. i also came down so i could get her parents blessing in person as well. we went to a resort for the day and had a blast just being with each other and having fun. while we were waiting for her parents to get pick us up, we were all cuddled up on a bench and flirting and the conversation went something like this her: we should stop smooching; my parents will be here any minute me not realizing what i was saying: we'd have to censor the first kiss at the wedding, if that's how you feel her:....... we'd have to get married then my brain: don't say it don't say it don't say it don't say it don't say it don't say it don't say it me: marry me? her face froze for about 30 seconds straight, around the 15 second mark i felt my gut wage an open rebellion with the rest of my body. the rest of the conversation went like this her: so we're engaged now..? me: *really audible fuck*....... we will be. really soon. the rest of the night went ok, but i could tell she was really emotional about it all, but the cat is definitely out of the bag. not yet all of the way towards saving what i need for the engagement ring i want for her, but she had a dream a week ago where she described the ring i was going to get her, and vaguely described the place i was gonna do it too, so maybe it was already out of the bag. tl:dr proposed to my gf by mistake and ruined the surprise.	17
playing *bad boys* during a traffic stop this morning i was driving to work in a happy mood since it is pay day. i was in a rush and was pulled over for speeding in a zone that was being prepared for construction. thinking i could lighten the mood, i remembered gabriel iglesias' special and threw on *bad boys*. the officer came up to the car, and the first thing out of his mouth was, "so you think you're funny, huh?" (in a very humorous tone i might add) . i completely misread that, thinking he's seen the comedy special, and responded with a sarcastic yes (more like a flamboyant "absolutely"). the cop takes my info and comes back with a max fine ticket, and tells me to get on my way. tl;dr played *bad boys* to a cop during a traffic stop and basically negated payday with my new ticket. *mega edit: since some people aren't understanding this all correctly, i will explain some more. i get that i was in the wrong, i'm not fighting to get the ticket off completely, i'm fighting to have the ticket reduced from a double fine. the "construction zone" rule should not have been enforced because it was not in the time parameter. yes, i should be fined $150 for speeding, i am fine with that. no, he should not have issued me a $300 ticket for speeding in a construction zone. i called the police headquarters and just got out of a meeting with the sheriff and my cousin (who is an officer in the same department) and they agree with me, the evidence is on my side. i don't hate construction workers and i was not trying to be an ass, i was going the flow of traffic. this argument is taking away from the original intent of the post, and yes, he did appreciate the song after the fact, but me playing the song took me from a warning to a ticket as well ($25 infraction for the song)* **wow front page! guess it was worth it to get ticketed **	1
i really wanna know what having pp inside a guys butt feels like filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	5
my parents aren't being supportive of my engagement so my boyfriend[25m] and i[24f] have been together for a couple of years now and the other day he proposed my parents lackluster reaction has been getting to me considering literally everyone else has been happy for us. when i told my mom, she just looked at the ring and told me to show my dad and nothing else was said about it and it's been a few days. when i told my dad, he just asked me if i told my boyfriend that i wasn't ready to get married yet and that he needed to be established. my boyfriend doesn't have his own place but we wanted to get one together and i wasn't ready to move in until we were engaged so now we are looking at places. another thing, i'm still living at home until i finish school and my mom has said that i can't leave home until i get married but my fiancee and i are looking to live together soon and get married next year. i know that this is gonna be another argument but i'm ready to move out. i'm just scared that i will be cut off if i do move out before then and then there's the fact that my dad is kind of verbally abusive so i'm worried about dealing with that until i move out. basically i need help on how to move forward with this. feel free to ask any questions. tl:dr my parents aren't supportive of my engagement and don't want me to move out until i get married so i'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.	6
same old f* story [deleted]	9
i [21 f] got cut out my by [23 m] ex that i broke up with four years ago, and this is keeping me from my other friends. tl;dr my ex started dating my friend, got really possessive of her and weirdly high and mighty about his new relationship status, now i haven't seen a lot of my old friends in a year because they've made me look bad to the whole group. he (i'll call him rob) and i were close friend for seven years. his current gf (i'll call her nicky f/19) was one of my besties. i dated him years ago in high school. his mom was abusive and a bully and made my life a living hell. she's a homophobic (as in wouldn't go to her gay son's wedding and calls him a "sinner, bad example, etc") , nasty, beat-her-kids, anti-vax disaster who has legitimately neglected her children to the point of sickness. a true cps case. anyway, he kept defending his mom, so i left him. i clearly explained this after we broke up. its not that i didn't tell him - he just disagreed. we dated for about a full year. later, he got together with nicky after i set them up. he and i agreed to stay friends after i took some time away, and she had always crushed on him even while i had dated him, so i thought maybe it was a good match. a year after my breakup with rob, i was in an incredibly abusive and emotionally controlling relationship that left me with literal scars for about a full year. i'm only now in counseling for ptsd. the next year, i briefly dated one of rob and i's mutual friends for a couple months. the relationship didn't work out, the friend (let's go with remmy m/21) and i had really different political beliefs and he generally was not very motivated, emotionally dependent, and self deprecating. i politely ended it. he took it hard and texted me for daily for months afterward angry we broke up, wondering why i left him on read for a couple days at a time when i said we'd still be friends. i don't text anyone on the daily so i don't know what he was expecting. now nicky has absorbed all of rob and his mom's beliefs, apparently she's been posting about how global warming isn't real and neither is racism or sexism. she quit identifying as a bisexual and went from wanting to be a criminal investigator to a stay at home homeschool mom and artist. which you know, nothing wrong with that, but i knew her for seven years and trust me - it wasn't her own independent decision. rob, his mom, and older sister definitely put in their two cents. last year both rob and nicky unfriended me out of nowhere after i'd been trying to hang out for months. inviting them to the movies, to theatre shows my company was doing, asking them if they wanted to grab dinner with me and my other friends etc etc. i didn't agree with things they did, but they were still old friends. they cold dropped me out of nowhere. she said it was because they were "cutting ties with old exes" or something...but he was her first and i was his so that category applies to only me. when i politely pointed that out she just doesn't reply. i get this message from him instead. "hey op, i wanted to say goodbye for the last time. after we finished dating i spent a long time wondering why you had cut me off. i then saw you hop from one relationship to another. you leaving each individual worse off than the last. op you are a toxic person and i don't think it is good for me or nicky to be around you. there are many reasons i believe this and i would rather not say. i don't plan on talking to you again after this message so know that i've made up my mind. with that being said please don't message nicky anymore." he's mad that i dated three people in four years i guess? from the time i was 17-21? when most people aren't ready for serious commitment? one of which was legally abusive? i was mostly hurt she couldn't say this to me herself. this wasn't unusual, him speaking on her behalf and deciding what he thought was best for her. remmy and i were actually really worried he was being controlling. nicky was always a really vibrant and expressive person, but when we were around her, rob wouldn't "allow" us to talk about sex or use crude language around his girlfriend -- despite her doing that herself. but after dating rob, she slowly stopped. a year later, a mutual friend explained to me apparently nicky thought i was toxic because 1. once mentioned sexual things i did with robb in front of her (we were playing a never have i ever type game at a college sleepover and at the time he was the only sexual experience i had had) 2. she said all i ever talked about was sex and alcohol and "being gay" (bi). i agreed i got really sick of talking about some of those things with her, but she once told me i was the only one she felt safe talking about that stuff with. so i thought at the time i was helping. also, apparently rob didn't like that when invited them to things, it was always in my city (45 min away from them) or if i was already in their city, i would never drive to see them. i explained to him many times i have a shitty truck that can't handle getting on the highway, and i quit asking him for rides after i saw it was frustrating him (although he never outright said it). anyway, this is a problem because it means in the year since nicky/rob have cut me out i haven't seen everyone else in our old group except remmy's ex (who was also exiled from the group in a similar fashion) and one other girl (who recently gave me the three reasons above, clarifying questions i had had for a year). but there's still a ton more people, and it hurts knowing that rob, remmy, and nicky all have probably got to say their side of the story, but not me. i want to be a part of my old group again, the one i had been in for seven years, but i've lost touch with the group as a whole. any way i'd try to re enter would just break the "no talking to me or nicky" rule rob set up.	11
can't feel anything, help please on september 19th i broke up with my girlfriend of 10 and a half months who is the only person i have ever loved. she was a very needy girlfriend, wanted to see me every or every other day, wanted to talk every day all night until 5am even though i need to get up at 6:30am, always wanted to talk about how much we love each other etc... the lack of sleep got to me, the tiredness made me into a zombie, i wasn't functional and wasn't healthy. i was stupid and somehow thought breaking up with her was better than talking to her about not seeing each other as often and not talking as much, as that would've crushed her and made it into a painful relationship with her. i was stupid, i broke up. she waited for me for a while, and i didn't want to get back yet. i've had like a fling or two, but no real relationships after her. after 2 months she moved on and found a dude who she doesn't really love, she admitted that and our mutual friend told me that she's putting up stories to make me jealous and shit like that. i've tried meeting with her to see if anything could be done, however she's filled with so much rage, she declined my offer to try again with tears in her eyes. i wished her a happy birthday like 3 weeks ago, she responded well, and even when i said "you're welcome " expected that was the end of it as noone would respond to that, she sent like 4 emojis of a girl slapping her head. to this day i have no idea what those emojis meant, there was no reason for that reaction, it was so random. i've fought with myself, didn't know if i should reply or not and decided not to torture myself further my continuing the conversation and talking to her. almost immediately after that she sent a snap like "thank you all for the great day i love you all". i like to thing i've had something to do with making her day better, as she immediately sent the screenshot of me wishing her a happy birthday to our mutual friend. there was a period when her friends would call me from a private number to talk to me and we would just fool around on the phone, i knew she was there every time. they called me again on her birthday from a private number, however i wasn't near the phone and didn't answer. i knew it was them for sure, checked the log and she was celebrating with them at the time. i like to think that she still mentions me at times and that's why they called, as i don't think her friends who don't even know me would call me if she didn't mention me in months. she doesn't even open my snaps anymore, but to be honest, she opens snapchat once a day to send 1 black picture to everyone for streaks. i don't know what to do anymore reddit. i miss hearing her voice, and i wasn't at the phone that one chance i got. i miss talking to her, and i didn't respond to her emojis, even if she planned on trying to subtly continue the conversation by sending them. there is no going back and i think i've everything is over. i felt sad for a long time. i felt depression eating away at my heart and soul from the end of december to like mid-late february. now, i feel nothing. i stopped caring about everything i cared about in life. i tried finding someone new. i could've been with 4 girls since then, i just can't feel attraction or emotion towards anyone. i've tried really hard to like someone, and it doesn't work, i can't. i don't feel anything. i stopped caring about my life long ago, the only thing preventing me from killing myself is that it would be selfish towards other people who care about me. she, or the sadness breaking up with her caused a bit later, has left a huge hole in my heart and my soul. not only do i not care about myself, but i'd prefer if something was to kill me. even thinking about morbid shit like one of my best of friends dying, i don't see myself having an emotional response. even though i'm not sad anymore, the emptiness is killing me. she is haunting, everything reminds me of her, every picture i run into on instagram, her gift to me for valentines day. i dreamt about her multiple times including last night. i'm so desperate for any kind of feeling or anything to feel the void in my heart, and i've been failing to find it. can sadness even lead to this emptiness and lack of feeling? i'd rather be sad and depressed than this. i'm not asking anyone to give me tips on how to get back with her. i gave up on that long ago. i'm asking for advice on how to be a person again. i've come to terms with the fact that i'll never have anyone who will love me like she did, and obviously i won't love anyone the same way, as i can't even get myself to like anyone. do i need a shrink before i'm too far gone? how do i enjoy anything in life anymore? i've changed massively, my friends are noticing it, everyone is noticing it. it's hard keeping the mask of an always laughing, happy person sometimes, cause that i for sure am not. i might not be sad, but i'm empty and far from happy. i'm scared of never feeling happiness again. i'm scared of spending my life alone or someone i don't even want if i manage to force myself to be with someone. i'm scared of always living with this unfilled void and never being able to fill it up. i'm not even sure why i'm putting this here, noone in this sub reads long posts anyways. i guess i have noone to talk to about this so i decided to vent to reddit. please help me. tl;dr : broke up with gf and regretted it, gave up on getting back together and failing to fill the void the break up has left in my heart. after months of sadness and depression, i feel no emotion, can't get myself to like anyone, lost any sort of care about anyone including myself, don't enjoy anything anymore. i'm completely empty, losing myself and my former personality. i don't know what to do, please help.	6
i dont like penis to stick into things i like to stick penis into me	0
just got my first tik tok comment & follower .... yeah this shit easy bro im movin up in the world !!!!	17
just for fun.what is you pet peave? what trivial things drive you up the wall. anything from putting the loo roll on the holder the wrong way to someone not squeezing the toothpaste to the top of the tube and not folding over the bottom. tell us what little things makes you crazy until you put it right	1
shh the americans are asleep dont disturb them i wanna keep my oil	5
guys on this sub b like *girl posts selfie* "ur so desperate for attention" "ur father didn't love u as a child clearly" "ok but who asked" *boy posts selfie* "u look so good bro!" "dw bro u look great!" "keep it up bro!" we live in a society	2
to you guy-teens our there, i gotta question so me (f14) and one of my closest friends (m14) started having late night calls for a while (talking like 10-2), and with the races and stuff he was busy, but even since it ended (it's been like 3 days) he will barely text or hang out on a larger discord with our friends. from what i know, he isn't really busy (been just watching e3 stuff) and i don't know where stuff between him and i went wrong. us two and another friend of ours are meeting for brunch in a couple days. i know all guys aren't really the same, but would like some sort of indication of maybe what's going on between us	9
well i'm felling really sad with life right mow, how about you, how's going life for you? i'm just not enjoying doing things these days, soo i decide to talk with some strangers on reddit and knoe how they doing so how are you?	6
friday's are text post only bring amas baxk	0
does anyone know where i can get a sack, ax, and some gasoline? it's for no specific reason just nice to have stuff and i right lmao i'm not about to commit a felony ~~why would you say that~~	9
i'm too egotistical to feel compassion over people that have anxiety jk i'm no monster. hope you're doing okay	13
i am kind of a gaming god i just played minecraft hunger games with a friend and we won 8 out of our 10 matches with 4 or more kills each	0
mfs be like "get in relationship" i can't even commit to a 10 episode tv show for 3 years let alone a relationship	4
we broke up f in the chat	2
ok i need to know i recognize that there isn't concrete evidence of shifting being real so this is kinda illogical but i love escaping reality so have any of you ever shifted? be honest plz because i don't wanna waste time learning if it's all a sham	15
i hate watching my husband play video games...he sucks. it's infuriating watching him play video games. he can't follow simple direction and he is a hindrance in any sort of multiplayer situation. uggghhhh. why can't he go to bed already so i can play by my fucking self?	4
idk what to draw also i'm gonna ignore anyone who comments stupid stuff	2
i've never dated anyone before i'm a 14yo m is there still hope	1
when [m]y new [f] coworker saw my nudes removed from r/casualconversation, but apparently you guys might appreciate this. so i [m24] just started a new job this week. i have three young women working for me, two of whom are about my age. i was asked to take head shots of myself and one of the girls who is also new for our organisational chart, so i took her photo on my phone and when i showed her the picture she accidentally scrolled! i'd forgotten i'd taken some nudes the night before with the intent of maybe sending one to a girl i'm seeing. she said she didn't really see anything and we both apologised profusely but i just wanted the floor to swallow me up! fml! i have been working at this place for three days. what's almost worse, is her saying that she didn't really see anything! how insulting, really! i mean, it's not like it's small or anything! she acted normal for the rest of the day and didn't seem traumatised or anything, so all's we that ends well, i suppose, as long as i don't get a surprise call from hr in the next few days! tldr my new female coworker accidentally saw a nude selfie of me and i'm her boss!	1
what do i do so i have this guy right, were both single, been sleeping together for like 3 months. didn't expect to catch feelings but i have. i was asked out on a date today by another man and instantly thought of this guy i'm smashing, so my question is do i tell him? do i bring up the fact that being asked on a date today made me realize i have feelings for him and want more out of the relationship? or do i just keep playing it safe and say nothing. i hate adulting	1
cravings i could really go for some shrimp. like, various styles of shrimp. this isnt meant to turn into a gump reference, i promise. but just, i really want some shrimp. i'll have to go shopping after work tonight . is there anything that you guys are currently craving? have you been able to satiate said craving(s)? do you guys by chance like seafood? do you have a personal favorite? what did you have planned for the next month? and in closing, if you could master one skill, and be proficient in two, what would they be, and how would they coincide with your day-to-day?	10
yo i've had such bad girl problems recently i know no one will see this but i just need to vent, ok so this girl i had a crush on blocked me after i congratulated her on getting a boyfriend (unironically like as a genuine congrats) and she fucking blocked me, idk if it was cause her boyfriend told her to or what but that was blow number one to my confidence (or what little i have left), the next time was this girl who hit me up and said she wanted some dick so i was like alright let me get a time and place and then she started ignoring me and so i was like "it seems like you don't want to do this anymore so just hmu if u ever decide you want some good dick" (i've has sex once so i'm quite the chad ) i think i came off as desperate cause then blocked me too so at this point i have zero self esteem and the third girl i'm talking to which i haven't even met irl yet except when we were kids i embarrassed myself with by saying some dumb shit like lightning is just when thor busts a nut. so at this point i feel like a fucking buffoon, a mentally brain dead legitimate vegetable and not even the human kind like a fucking broccoli although broccoli have cells which have nuclei which are basically mini brains so even that isn't me because this was an absence of anything resembling a mind, i feel as though my entire being is a solid chunk of granite although granite reflects light which is energy which can be turned into information so i guess i am more like a black hole, an object so dense, it destroys anything and everything around it	0
according to parchment i had a 29% chance of getting into harvard didn't apply tho lmao	0
who are your favorite r/teenagers users? it's wholesome time folks do any of them make your day when you see them post? your best friend? u should comment their users	5
random note here but this subreddit is literally reposts of memes from r/memes, like what even. i've scrolled for literally two pages and that's all that it is.	1
i finished working out for 30 minutes... now i can spend the rest of the day on reddit ***************************	2
stand battle against a karen i'm on mobile so ye. and ignore the title in done now it was just a normal day. sippin tea, reading the paper, losing some fingers in a accident, etc it was all fine and dandy until i got called into work ( yare yare daze) so i haul ass to work and make right before it opened. a hour into work and a classic looking karen comes up and i ring her up. me: me karen:k me: that will be 30.84$ k: oh poo. i didnt bring enough, could you give me a discount? me: no k: please? imma single mother me: then where are you kid? k: in the car me: (bitch slaps k) yoi left you kids in a car in this heat?! k: and? it's not even that hot me: you dumbass, it's ten at night and the sun's still up ( prolly a stand) and the heats a fucking bitch k: so? am i getting a discount? me: no. pay or leave k: please? for a single mom? me: no still and always means no k: there's no need to be rude! i want your manager! me: i am the manager, and its still a nope k: ( menacing face/ pose) i tried to give you a chance i go to grab her but, a arm emerges from her shoulder and throws me across the room me: w-w what! k: should've givin the discount. tell me, is your job worth dying for? me: ... k: o well the arm aims for my chest and shoot acrylic nails into my torso causing me to feel immense pain me: ahhhhhh you bitch! the arm gets ready to fire again k: hahahahahahaha. you will suffer the same fate as the rest the arm shoots the nails me: im not dying this way! ( my stand emerged from behind deflecting the nails) k: (gasp) y-y you have a-a stand me: yes. i though i was the only one heh ( my stand removes the nails from my chest and places a hand on my wounds making it like ot never happened) k: stand or no stand you can't win against my manager ( the stand emerges from behind k resembling her damn near perfection) k: (stand) manager! the stand lobs a punch at me but i dodge and the stand then throws a barrage k: (stand) manager manager manager manager manager manager manager manager man-ager! my stand blocks half the punches while the rest find their way into my torso me: gahhh (blood speed from my mouth)you won't win k: hahaha its futile to resist the inevitable ( she starts to walk off without paying) have a nice day me: no you won't get away, gahhh *cough cough* k: (still walking) me: get her midnight kiss! k: nani!? my stand flies infront of her and starts attacking me: (stand) seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun se-ppun! k: gahhhh me: now pay or di-ugghhh ( i drop to the ground with blood pouring from my mouth) n-n nani!? k :hehehehehehehehehehahahahahahaaha!! me: what? how? k: my stand gets stronger when i'm out of sight of a security camera and unfortunately your sad ass store has none, so my stand is more powerful. me: dammit k: since you such a strong manager i'll add you to my manager arsenal me: your what? k: ( her stand unscrews its head and karen pulls out a name tag with a name and manager title. she throws it on the ground and the zombie-fyed manager apppeared) me: that's the manager who went missing last week k: yep. he refused to make things go my way so i killed and now he's like this. hes my little puppet doing whatever i please me: you bitch, that man has a family k: and? my family is way more important me: you self absorbed bitch! go midnight kiss! (stand) seppun! k: didnt i say it's futile? (stand) manager! our stand throw barrages at each other parrying each punch k: hahahah you wont win its futile hahaha wryyyyyyyyy karen's stand over powers my stand and sends me flying me: ahhhhhh k: just stop resisting. your dying anyway, so just stop resisting my kid are in the car waiting me: (i send my stand to the nearest tech store) i think your kid will be better off dead than continue living with you k: how dare you!? any kid would be lucky to have me for a mom me: you dont act like it, i mean you left them in a hot car k: they'll be fine me: if there lucky they'll be dead k: now you die basterd! my stand returns in the nick of time and hands me my key to victory. a camera me: smile your on camera k: no, get that away from me. get it manager (stand) manager. the stand goes to attack the camera in my hands but my stand blocks and beats the everloving shit out of them k: gahhhhh me: you will now pay for you crimes k: please no, i got a family. please forgive me? me: okay k: really? me: yea. just go to each family of each managers you killed and tell them you killed their father/ husband and ask for forgiveness k: no. they'll be mad at me and wont forgive me me: thats a you problem k: there must be another way? if i promise to never do it again will you spare me? me: no k: come on. you should let me live so i can take care of my kids. and you should give me my stuff for free me: even in the face of death your still a bitch k: i'll pay you me: how much? k: (pulls out one dollar) here me: no k: you ungrateful bastard, when someone wants to give you money you take no matter how much it is me: lady your trying to pay to live and you offer me one damn dollar? k: you should let me live anyway. i deserve it! me: so dont you think the manager deserve to live? k: no. i'm more important me: well now you pay k: im not giving you any money me: oh not with money, with your life k: no please me: (insert any jojo theme here) make her pay midnight kiss! (stand) seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun seppun se-ppun! k: gahhhhhh karen died due to being beaten beyond recognition. sadly the managers she killed were not restored and their family's mourn their lost loved ones. turns out karen haf kid but they we're grownups. as for me i went back home read some reddit stories and went to sleep arrivedechi	19
he broke my back i'm suing my chiropractor fr	15
top 10 things you should pay more attention to, starting with number 1 me	5
oh my fucking god idk i felt like yelling, i have to clean my room i would literally rather blow my brains out than clean my room, the amount of hate i hold for cleaning is *u g h* aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i just wanna sleep or sum, not deep clean my whole ass bedroom ughhhhh	2
(21f) think i can't trust my bf (27m) again so me and my bf been together 6 months now, long distance relationship, but an amazing one, from day one he has been the guy of my dreams and so was i to him, fell in love online as strange as it seems ... the problem is that he made a mistake, first two months, cheated and lied about it in my face since i asked him a hundred times about that one particular girl, lied about a bunch of other stuff too but i forgave him later on, and i literally said to him "i'll forgive but never forget, and you have to gain my trust again" truth to be told after all the lies came on the surface he said he was relieved that i found out and he'll never make me sad again and kept his promise, planning a life together and we're happy but the problem is me now, i can't trust him, can't let my guards down and keep investigating like an fbi agent just to find something, i don't want to be fooled again, it broke me.. i have all his social media passwords, have been through every single message he sent and received and he says he's ok with it, and that he loves me and "do what ever makes you relieved and happy " but i'm turning paranoid and obsessed ... and it's effecting our relationship even if he doesn't say anything, i start to feel it became a habit to look through his accounts messages activity log and everything i want to stop and focus on our relationship and the present, how can i do this? how can i trust him again?	2
this girl left me for her ex... i found a girl that i really liked. she was everything i could have asked for. beautiful, smart, talented, funny, and easy to talk to. we had a great relationship with one another. when we met, i felt like i had know her for forever. we were so alike in every way. i thought that we were a match made in heaven, but we aren't. when we first started talking, everything was great: we laughed, cried, were serious, and shared facts about ourselves. we started to go deeper with our conversations. she told me how she had been hurt by guys in the past. i told her that i'd never do the things that those other boys had done to her. i did everything in my power to let her know i appreciated her. i would text her every morning about what i felt for her, and how great of a person she is. she would do the same at night. i would send pictures of cute shit i found on instagram and twitter. she would do the same. i told her how i felt and she told me how she felt. we both clearly had feelings for each other, it was just a matter of whether or not we were ready to commit ourselves to have a relationship with one another. i continued with the texts and pictures i found and she did the same. however one day she stopped. she didn't answer my texts or snapchats. i just figured she had something going on and i decided to give her some space. however this continued for a couple of days. one day we started texting each other. soon, everything was back to normal. not until she told me what was really going on. she said that we won't work out and that she still has feelings for her ex. this shocked me and she told me she did this to not hurt me as much. this hurt me deeply. i shut down for a couple of days, i didn't talk to anyone but my close friends. one night all that i held in broke loose. i felt worthless and embarrassed. i tried so hard to not hurt her, but i ended up being hurt in the process. nothing can be done to save our relationship, she has moved on holds no feelings for me despite all that we have been through together.	2
i [18m] think my friend [17f] likes me but i'm not certain so i have this friend of mine (girl) and she's always texting me about relationships in general, she tells me she has a crush but doesn't wanna say who. for example the other day she was asking me what i would do if a first date went wrong, and other stuff about first dates. also she wanted to take a guy to prom that didn't go to her school, guess what i don't go to her school. we mostly text in a group chat with her, myself, and our other friend john. she also told my little bro that i was flirting with her as a joke one time, idk why. now you may be thinking u/usedtimecapsule, you're an idiot she likes you! well i have my doubts. i've only thought about it recently because my friend john thought she might like me and she "rejected me". she kinda hinted at it but she didn't straight up say she didn't like me. i kinda rejected her back jokingly but the truth is, i'd give it a try because we'd either be really compatible or not at all. i never really thought about it until after we "rejected" each other. i was just like shit what if we dated. btw she asked me about first dates **after** the whole rejection thing. she has told me she never wants to make the first move, and i wouldn't be surprised if she did it to hide her true feelings. it was also in that group chat so she may have not wanted to say anything that wasn't in private with me. i know it's a big reach, but i know her very well. this whole week we've been kinda being flirty with each other, more than friends usually are ya know? i have other female friends and we never talk to each other like that. my other female friends never talk to me about relationship stuff, or anything near that. that's why i'm so confused, the signs might be there but sometimes i get opposing signs. she either really doesn't like me like that or she does and didn't wanna say anything in a 3 person group chat. i don't know which it is yet. i know the rejection thing makes it sound like she definitely doesn't, but trust me on this, she likes to "joke" a lot and hide her feelings. if i end up trying to ask her out, and fail i don't want to compromise the friendship. however if my speculations are correct i could end up in a really good relationship. i'm thinking about flirting with her a bit (for real) and saying she flirts with me (cause she kinda does) in conversation to tease her a bit, and then see how she responds to my advances. is this a good idea? kinda take it slow and not jump the gun yet? any thoughts about my situation? latest flirt that happened last night: she asked if "i loved her " and i said definitely. then i sent a post (instagram dm) where it said to say i love you. she didn't wanna say it for some reason. do i just go for it at this point i think she's just nervous to make a risky move, which is fine because i'll do that part.	13
i played all star so now everyone thinks i'm super cool basically we were getting a feel for the composition program you use in music gcse (i'm starting properly next school year) so i decided to do all star.	0
i f[23] can't get my boyfriend m[26] of a year to get off the damn screen. anyone else deal with this or have advice? sorry if this is long. there's a tl;dr at the bottom . my boyfriend and i live together as of this past november and before moving in i knew he was a gamer.. he would wait outside game stop, beat games within days and play all through the night. i never minded because he found time to still spend time with me and with busy schedules, i never minded it. i work around 22 hour days half of the week.. and with his schedule, we only have two nights together and only one full day together. well his gaming is out of control, he plays on his phone 24/7 with clash of clans and hopes to be the best player in the world one day.. and he has installed another tv in our bedroom and living room so if i want to watch a show, he won't miss his chance to game. well i do think this has taken a toll on his daily life and every time i try to talk, it's that he doesn't see any issues. our sex life is non existent anymore, he has no drive and watches porn when he's home during the day and i'm at work. he doesn't sleep, he was up until 8am playing video games.. i slept and left for work and he was still playing. i have tried to make date nights for us once a month and bring some spark back into this relationship.. but it doesn't seem to be working. i spent 3k on season tickets to our favorite hockey team... but every game he's on his phone playing clash of clans or kingdom hearts. i'm at my wits end... have you dealt with this? how can i fix it? is there fixing? tl;dr: i can't get my boyfriend to get away from video games. he doesn't sleep, he doesn't eat very healthy, he has 0 sex drive. how can i get him to stop?	6
imagine someone asking where you and ur gf met and you say r/teenagers... ahaha just kidding... unless?	5
my bf(23m) texts me(22f) only when he wants to we r a long distance couple (belgium-holland) so texting and calling is really important. he texts me a lot when he wants to. he keeps sending me snapchats, also texts me a lot on whatsapp eventho im too busy to answer. he just keeps me updated. but when he doesnt want to? he doesnt even say "good morning" to me. so for example, yesterday he texted me a lot. he called me right after he woke up, he sent me several snaps. he kept texting me on whatsapp. he watched a movie i recommended, so even at like 3 in the morning(when i went to sleep) he sent me a long message about how the movie was and how impressed he was. and he was like talk to you tomorrow! and today, in the morning, i sent him a snapchat (it was a pic of my breakfast) but he left me on read. i called him at like 3pm, he was on his way to work and his mom was giving him a ride. his mom even said hi to me. he seemed busy so i hung up. and no texts at all. so i called him at like 11pm so we video called, he was just done with his work and he was with his friends and brothers drinking some beers. when i call him he is always like i miss you i love you blah blah. he even shows me his friends and let me talk to them. so i know he is loyal and not cheating on me but this pattern is getting annoying. like he texts me a lot 5 days a week, and 2 days he doesnt really text me. i dont know how to tell him without sounding like im nagging or complaining. i want to understand him better, so i want your opinions on this issue. is there someone who's like him? or is this a weird behavior? how do i talk to him about it? tl;dr: my longdistance bf sometimes doesnt text me and idk if this is something many people do.	3
just wanted to come on here and say how much i love my friends and family and how grateful i am for all of them. feeling especially happy tonight. have a good night.	3
i just showed my bio teacher me wearing boxers in our google meet. pls kill meee... so for online classes today i decided to wear a shirt i'd usually wear when i'm in school. but i was too lazy so i just wore a boxer, because who would see my under right?? it all messed up when the teacher said his goodbyes as the class was finished. one by one logged out and i also said my goodbye to hi. and stood up, and stretched. my hand went for the mouse while i was looking at the window but instead of clicking exit i accidentally clicked the video button that i turned off half way through the class. and low and behold my sir watches me with my boxers, just the two of us in his google meet. i froze for a minute looking down and his eyes slowly raised. i quickly went for the exit button and clicked it while panicking. i wanna die, from the embarrassment. the good thing was its his first year in teaching and after that he gave a laughing emoji while tagging my name in my class's group chat. this made it worse as he said "don't worry i won't tell anyone" so now everyone thinks me and him had a secret of doing private stuff alone. i'm also pissed that he just didn't put a haha so now the message is lost in translation. i replied with "i'm sorry sir". since the bio teacher was new and well good looking, everyone thought i confessed to him because they noticed how i was the last one to leave the meeting. pls kill me, and maybe him too.	4
they say you are what you eat i always knew i was nothing filler filler filler	5
apple being one of the most powerful corporation could at best force me to watch a 15 sec ad on their new product	7
today i got my test scores for med school and i got in with flying colors so i got in this direct med school program where ppl fresh from high school are entered into the faculty of medicine and surgery and have a six-year med course which eliminates the need for a pre-med bachelor course. among the 30,000 who took the test, only 200 were called for interview, and only 90 of us got in the actual program. and last week i got the announcement that i got in!!! and today i got my test scores and they were all 99s (except for botany and physics which were 96)! i'm so happy	6
settle an argument for us [28f] [30m] husband and i are fighting about whether is wrong or not for me to have opened a debit card in my name without telling him. husband: has business card that only he has access to has ira that only he has access to has 2 cc's only he has access to shares a target cc with me that i use 100% shares a personal account with me me: i have a credit card i only have access too but he knows the balance i share the target card and personal account with husband problem: a few days ago i opened a new debit account without telling him with the intention of purchasing the christmas gifts on that so he won't see. the card was delivered to his parents house. i have no history of withholding large sums of money from him (we're talking over $50) or not putting the all my paychecks in the shared account. husband brought the card home and opened it. i said it's not cool to open packages like that. all fucking hell broke loose and apparently i am wrong for opening that debit card without asking him first, or telling him - since he allegedly expressed the wish for me not to open an account without him. tl;dr: are we still our own people if we're married?	11
i just ate 6 slices of pizza 4 breadsticks and 2 pieces of cookie pizza how the hell am i still underweight	4
for u/smooth_throw why u call me pedo i did nothing	7
sex is my drug i dont do drugs	0
shout out to everyone who used to get asked out/complemented as a prank or a dare and now have issues with trusting the sincerity of a persons kindness and or interest in you	0
boredom-the cruelest mistress i'm totally completely absolutely unequivocally painfully bored to death. #smalltownblues so what are you guys up to? looking for inspiration here my dudes whatcha got?	1
i think that fictional characters are what keep me going, ngl. yeah that's it um ok *bye-onara*	18
i can finally text and drive!! i've been only texting for so long, but today i got my license so now i can do both :)))) fr tho im so happy	0
yea i lost my vcard v- plans for 2020 c- filler filler filler filler filler filler filler a - r- d-	0
i am officially going to bodyslam tom holland [ffh spoilers] how is he gonna get to kiss zendaya	16
my dad told me that my stepmom is "just giving me space" but she literally runs away from me when we are in the hall together she speeds up to try and pass me, looks at the floor, and doesn't say anything and she hasn't said a word to me in a few days i think she's scared of me	19
how do people just have sex with someone you don't know on a deeper emotional level?? i'm genuinely curious please gimme answer	7
going to tahoe tomorrow dad told me to bring the xbox cause he said, and i quote, "there's no way we're gonna be outside all day so let's play minecraft while we're there" epic gamer moment	0
girlfriends huh so i'm 14 and i was thinking ay i'm lonely i want a gf, so anyone? ayyy	9
it's my flair changing day! i'm 16 now	0
just got 2 wisdom teeth out and... holy f*ck i am in pain. waking up from the iv sedation was a treat, just felt a little tired. weirdest thing ever. i was convinced for a bit that they didn't do anything to my mouth because it felt like 5 mins and i didn't feel anything. they didn't even have any tools out yet when i zonked out. don't remember most of the ride home, i remember dad running into the grocery store on the way back to exchange some coins and it seemed like he was in there 30 seconds. slept on and off all day, and my face has recently lost the numbness and now, i definitely believe that they did something. my incision spots are throbbingggg. it feels like someone took pliers and cranked on the back of my bottom jaw as hard as they could for an hour straight (prob pretty similar to what they actually did, or worse, because they had to drill/cut/split them out) i ate some eggs and took the very baby dosed hydrocodone/acetaminophen they gave me with some water. i just took some again as soon as i could, but for some reason my body has always had a high tolerance for opiates. they don't really affect me. i've been icing on and off with frozen washcloths, and they do seem to help. however, i only replaced the gauze once and one that was soaked, i haven't put in gauze since because i haven't really been bleeding. should i do put some back in? also, just tried eating some jello but since the numbness has worn off, it's very painful at the incision sites when i swallow. i didn't really hear anything about that when what am i doing wrong? what did ya'll do for the pain? i feel wayyy better than i thought i would for the first day and i'm just waiting for it to get worse	9
how is everyone doing? after a rather long, stressful and tiring 3 weeks of work, schook and ect. i finally got back into the weight room. got in some good heavy sumo dls, accessory work, hiit with battle ropes and bag training. i feel good and i miss the biting of the barbell against my soft palms ready to be calloused again, salty sweat, and the adrenaline rush. i know this is something very fitness related but i love talking to you guys :) how is everyone?	6
what do you talk about with your friends? i don't have many friends but am trying to get out there and meet new people. i'm pretty good with small talk and getting to know someone and even having deeper convos with them, but what the hell do you talk about in normal day-to-day chats? i end up only ever inviting people out to events because it makes me less anxious if we have something to focus on (eg, climbing, board games). i'd like to be able to just go grab coffee or a drink with someone and have chats somewhere between small talk and deep convos. you know...medium talk	7
is their any text face for this emoji? i can't figure it out. i usually follow the no emoji hive mind, but i can't find a text face for this one. i've looked on at least 20 sites and tried a million combos. maybe some asian character could be the eyes and eyebrows. idk. please help	2
saturday morning q'ssssss!!! 1. what luxuries in life do you enjoy? 2. what simple things do you enjoy in life? 3. most ridiculous product placement you've seen? 4. what's your dream home like? 5. what's your experience when you go to the gym? 6. anything funny happen to you lately? **op** 1. going to boujee places for brunch/food in general, being able to travel, drive a nice car, having drinks with friends 2. laying by the pool with my yeti cup full of wine, going to the beach 3. all of jurassic world 4. contemporary condo in a high rise with a great view or a townhouse with two car garage, 3 levels, and an open patio on the roof in sunny southern california 5. lots of pretty girls and dudes trying to be super macho 6. i slipped on a yoga mat the other day at yoga class in front of everyone. managed to stick the landing like a pro figure skater for some reason, my coworkers love this story.	1
looks up <url>	11
after hardcore dieting and working out this week, i had my first cheat meal and it was amazing lol. i have been doing full body workouts, cardio, and eating extremely clean and in a calorie deficit for the past 5.5 days, and i finally had that cheat meal i've been waiting for. 3 slices of pizza and a dairy queen chocolate xtreme blizzard really hit the spot haha but starting tomorrow i'm back at it with being healthy. but this made me sane and my minds in a good place right now what's your go-to "cheat meal"?	8
it's not a good sense of humor, it's a bad coping mechanism. <url>	0
i love all you new sorters and those who don't sort by new (not that you'll see this). have a great day/night!	3
irl cake day, 1 year from leaving this subreddit just wanted to give all you wholesome lovely people some gratitude. all of you are kind, sweet, thoughtful, beautiful people and don't let anyone change that. that is all. have a lovely friday everyone	4
i always knew dr seuss and the grinch has something going on both have fur, terrorize kids, tall, same cinematic universe i think, and they have different personalities so theyd work better with eachother	17
i am now going to stay up the rest of the night cuz the person i was talking to feel asleep i think they did anyway	2
my mom speaking the hard truth showed my mom some gen z humor meme and she turned it into a deep subject by saying this: "i feel bad for you kids growing up in this generation, it's so f'ed up. basic human kindness is lost and i don't know if there's any going back to normalcy." man she ain't wrong	2
i woke up to a 7.0 magnitude earthquake this morning you guys might have heard of the earthquake alaska experienced today, and i was right smack in the middle of it. i was chillin in bed when all of a sudden it felt like my room was thrown into a snow globe and shaken around. my poor elderly golden retriever tried to join me on the bed and was trembling and whimpering, while i consoled her. i was alone in the house, and it felt unreal. it felt like it was never going to end. it wasn't my first big earthquake, as the one we experienced in 2016 was similar. it was just as scary though. you can't feel more helpless than when you're stuck in the middle of a huge earthquake that you can't escape from. anyway, i keep forgetting i choose to live in a place that can have the ground unpredictably open up at any given time thought i would share!	1
i really love going to disneyland but my so does not i see all these cute couple on instagram and reddit and i feel so jealous . i went by myself a couple of months ago and it was the greatest thing ever but now he doesnt want me to go alone again.	11
i actually can shitpost now got karma since i said i put transformers in my ass now that i can post, i'm losing my irl social life	0
i just whooped my little brother in a game of chess is this why i have no friends	0
hey , a quick question ; how would you define orange colour to a blind person? what is colour to them?	10
me when the git no see post amogus	2
bruh i just saw a commercial in anime style on tv there appealing to the weebs	5
stood up again... hello all, i just got stood up by the same girl again, happens a few times a month but shes generally good about going places and hanging out together but it still sucks lollipops. i just want to talk with people about their interest so anyone feel free to hmu im into most video games, movies, shows and anime and will talk about anything youd like!	6
(22m) not sure if i should ask (32f) to be fwb hello reddit, i'm a 22 years old male. about 4 months ago i made out with a 32 years old woman (alcohol was involved), who has two kids but doesn't live with her partner anymore. we have known each other for a while before the night, as we both frequent the same bar. we texted for a few days after that night and it was pretty obvious she wanted to become fwb. i was dealing with a lot of personal issues at the time so i made it clear i enjoyed the night, but wasn't interested in going further and we stopped talking. now that i took care of the stuff in my life i'd kinda be up for the fwb relationship, but it'd be weird if i started texting her now? another thing is, the girl is best friends with the bartender of the bar we frequent (who i'm also good friends with) and i'm worried i could create a shitstorm in my social circle. i know for sure that the woman in question is still single and i think she'd still be interested in being fwb. you must be thinking i'm an idiot, but i have never had a fwb so i'm not quite sure how these things work also sorry for any grammar mistakes, i'm not a native speaker. tl;dr: made out with an older chick, stopped talking, now i'd be up for fwb	19
i [24m] lost the battle with her [24f] hi! i just want to share how i feel today. i admitted to my friend that i like her but yeah, she did not feel the same way. after the confession, i told her that i am.open being friends again after i have move on. she told me that she needs to think about it and if i change. throughout the weeks, i worked on myself really hard to move on and i finally did it. i told her that i finally move on and i am open being friends again with her. she told me that she does npt want to be friends anymore..what's worse is that i think she completely forgot what we have talk about during my confession. she told me that she did not tell me that she needs to think about it whether we can be friends or not. in fact, she told me about it and agreed to it. in addition, she told me that whether she told me that or not, bottomline,her decision will not change it just fucking hurts especially on the part that she completely forgot what we have talked about during the confession. that part hurt me the most. i feel so depressed today. thank you guys for listening tldr: admitted to her that i like her and she never felt the same. after i move on, i told her i am open being friends again and she told me she did not want it anymore. what's worse, she completely forgot what we have talked about during the confession. it fucking hurts	2
my (22f) friend (22f) makes comments that subtly undermine my confidence. how should i react? i've never posted here before so i apologize if i'm doing something wrong. also, i know this is really insignificant compared to the relationship issues most people post about. i don't have many close friends so maybe i'm just over-analyzing. i really just need some outside perspective before overreacting. i have a friend i met a few years ago in college. ever since we've met, i've noticed she's never really quite happy for me. if someone compliments the way i look, she'll often make some sort of snide remark or joke about how i'm "overdressed" or something. it's normally very offhand and i've never taken it too seriously. i've just noticed that i compliment her often whereas she never really seems to say something nice about something in my life (appearance, accomplishments, etc.) without it being backhanded in someway. for example, i got a job as an online esl teacher i was really excited about. she texted me to congratulate me (i thought) but then immediately launched into how i should be taking college courses to be a better teacher, how there's a lot i probably don't know about teaching, how she is going to be an esl assistant teacher at her mom's school in a more real environment, etc. we're not extremely close anymore but we follow each other on social media. today i posted a picture of myself in a dress and boots. i rarely post on social media and thought i looked cute. she commented "how'd you get the sand off those boots? seems like a brave outfit choice to me " and i feel like i'm overreacting but i guess it just really rubbed me the wrong way. i know it's a really small comment but it just feels like a perfect example of how she's always saying something to just slightly undermine me. not enough to be truly rude or insulting but just enough to be a little off-putting. am i just way overreacting to these kinds of small remarks? should i have a different perspective on all of it or am i right to be hurt? tl;dr my friend keeps making comments that seem to subtly undermine my confidence in myself/accomplishments. am i overreacting?	1
passion i don't know or haven't found my passion yet? has anyone here ever been in this situation before? can someone please help me to find or know my passion?	6
i'm going to america for the first time and i'm so excited! i was born in america but when i was 1 my parents and me moved back to saudi arabia. i've never went after that. i'm so excited xd i know this sounds a bit rude but i'm happy to finally be free from my parents. i love them a lot but they were overly religious and strict and let me do nothing at all even though i'm an adult now. i'm actually surprised they are even letting me go. but other than that i'm so happy it's probably the best day of my life	19
guys guys guys! wait, don't scroll past. favorite joke here, always make me smile. why do seagulls fly over the sea? cause if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels!	1
people act like liberals arent just gay conservatives lmaooooakdkskd laughs out loud crazy that liberal = insane radical leftist like umm so anyway	10
why do people call me a terf i support trans rights!	4
the bride side of netflix canceling every marvel series: daredevil. jessica jones. luke cage. iron fist. the punisher. 13 episodes per season. that's 65 hours per year. 65 hours to go outside! or watch more tv. so, any good series that barely anyone talks about?	9
girl are u on spotify cause damn ur a hot single	5
living life as the child of a karen well, today she; *reprimanded a hairdresser *told the coffee shop manager that she didn't ask for sugar in her decaf because it causes cancer. (apparently ) *it was mine and it was actually an americano. *took her mask off in the shopping mall. *tried to get me to take mine off. *i said no. ***she actually allowed it***.	11
i'm leaving reddit today. as i feel like my mental health, personal life and physical health has been degrading. so thanks for everything. you guys are great, but i can't control myself anymore. i feel like i lost control over reality and myself. being influenced by certain ideas, waking up and going to bed while looking at my phone isn't a positive outlook on my life. thanks again for everything. i think you're all great, maybe i'll reinstall/reactivate everything after a while. bye and see you in a while	3
thank you everyone who wished me well after the break up. i found a special person u/dick-radiation who will fill the hole in my heart and the hole down there the wedding is in one hour, you're all invited	17
a spider just fell on my face. reaaaaally fucking disgusting . just realised it was actually crawling on my head before falling on my nose.	4
it's been a long night so my night actually started our pretty nice. i live in the dorms, and i ran into an old friend, got their # and then studied until 2am with plans to meet up tommorow. my roommate came in around 3am wasted out of her mind with her other friends. then later at 5am she decided to pee on my rug and all of my belongings. i also had to chase her down the hallway and touch her vomit sheets before she passed out. so here i am sleepy, washing my peed on rug, and definitely not going back into my smelly room. how else did everyone's night go?	1
i like your tight skinny body bro	5
i asked out my crush! and he didn't say no!! hooray!	8
everyone's growing up so i was just sitting around for a minute and realized that me and all my friends are growing up, i've been friends with them for years and we're al growing up and growing apart from each other lately. we've barly talked anymore and i just miss my friends, we've all grown apart from eachother but i don't want to say goodbye to them cause i still see them as my best friends	13
its my cake day	0
bruh i'm boutta die he just asked why girls have buttcheeks on their chest wtf	1
making a "bad" call at first, which led to a massive fight, cops/ambulances, and the tournament getting cancelled ike most of the tifus this didn't happen today. i was watching some baseball and got a flashback to something that happened to me many many years ago. i had quit playing baseball but i wanted to be around the game on some level so i thought i would give umpire a shot. its easy as shit right? the league has me do some initial paperwork, watch some film, do a quiz, interview, etc. no big deal, i do well and the head umpire tells me that there is going to be a tball game and i should show up there to start my hands on training. it's slow, nobody keeps score, if i fuck up it doesn't matter at all. i show up a bit earlier, there is an all star tournament (13-14 year olds) going on so i decide to watch a game to kill some time. the umpire there is all by himself and he's stalling a bit to see if his other umpires will show up. parents are going crazy, umpire then spots me in my brand new uniform. calls me over, begs me to help him, i explain that i really don't know what i'm doing since i'm training. he tells me it's ok since his other umpires should be showing up and he only wants another set of eyes mostly. fuck it. yolo. i got this. things go pretty smoothly. nothing crazy happens for a while, then we get to the last inning.... one of the players lays down a beautiful bunt, the catcher throws it to first and just barely gets the runner out. easy enough call. the coach of the team that got called out goes up to the umpire screaming that the first baseman's foot wasn't touching the bag, so he should be safe. other parents from that team start yelling at us because they also agree with the coach. the other teams parents start arguing with those parents. the umpire then decides to throw out that coach. that's when shit went down. the coach goes crazy, leaves the field says something to one of the parents, that parent doesn't like it so he punches the coach in the mouth and knocks him the fuck out. other parents notice and now everyone wants to throw punches. basically it got into full on riot mode, cops got called out, umpire calls the game off, the tournament gets cancelled, ambulances take a few people to the hospital, i think four people got arrested. it gets on the local news, even got a few mentions in national news if i'm not mistaken. i found a link to an old newspaper article talking about the incident, i would show you guys but it has my name and i really don't feel like connecting my name to my account. did i make the right call? i'm pretty sure that i did but the reality is that in my inexperience i wasn't in the best position to see all of the moving parts. this little incident led to a lot of changes. games wouldn't start without a full crew, had more in depth training before allowing anybody to be an umpire, had more security/cops on hand when there was a tournament, had a few umpires on standby, etc. i never umped another game again tl;dr : i had no training to be an umpire, got to be an umpire for an important game. coaches/parents didn't like my call. it got crazy, a massive fight happened which led to cops/ambulances/drama and it got this whole tournament cancelled.	9
i have the n word pass and i'm gonna use it. all of you are... noobs have a nice day!	0
barely passing a class hey reddit i'm in highschool, a sophomore to be exact. i'm in the third quarter, and i had an f to a d in math the entire quarter. but guess what? it's the last week of the quarter and i got my grade to a c-, so i don't have to redo my math and be behind of school. the quarter officially ends on friday though, we're watching a movie tomorrow because of the psat, however there might be a test on friday and i'm so scared. if i don't get a good grade on the test i'm going to backflip off a cliff. wish me luck, maybe. i don't know. right now i'm learning trigonometry which isn't too hard so far. enough about me, how are you doing? i hope life is well, yknow? you deserve to be the best you can be. talk to me!!	0
how do you pronounce sjogren? is it so-gren? show-gren? anybody have sjogren syndrome by any chance? someone in my community was giving away free books that used to belong to her son. i picked up a 2013 copy of a pearson human diseases book. it's pretty interesting, actually. i started reading a little about sjogren syndrome and some other diseases. anybody have this, or any other lesser-known disease? why is this suddenly more interesting when i have three tests coming up? i don't even take this class. i'll never use this textbook. oh well	12
i told my crush that i like her it went... correct. i know at least she doesn't like me but i managed that we stay friends for now. like omg i was so stressed, ok ok she doesn't like me but... she took the thing quite nicely. for now, just to... evade any awkward situation we decides not to bring that back until one of us do... to do short, it's half a victory (sorry if engrish)	6
fart in public do you ever fart in public? i was sure i made a silent small one and at the same time i was listening to loud music... suddenly everybody looked at me, so, i guess it wasnt silent i thought you could feel the diffence, but apparently not...	17
i quit today! i was working this mom and pop job in high school dishwashing for some cash for gas and whatever. it wasn't a great job in any way but it did get my foot in the door for my passion of cooking. i worked there just shy of 1 year and left with my 2 week notice. 2 years passes and i worked up a lot of skill and knowledge of cooking, soon graduating culinary school. one day i get a call from the owner and he asks if i could come work for him again as they just moved location and need someone they can trust. i was already working full time but needed the income and took the job on top of my other and school. it was a rough few months and a lot of the employees and the work environment get very toxic for me. i began thinking i would quit soon. i was looking for the right time and decided to wait a few weeks. weeks keep passing and nothing is changed, i continued to want to leave for more and more reasons but didn't want to let down the owner as we had a good relationship that i wanted to keep. i made plans to put in my notice the beginning of next month and the decision was clear that i would do it. a lot is going on for me right now and i'm trying to do a lot to become a better person and live a healthier life ect. i've been a huge pushover for a long time and i'm now trying to do things for what's in my best interests. i'm having a lot of personal issues and this second job hasn't been helping me with anything. tonight i made my decision and just put in my notice to my boss about 15 minutes ago. i feel so liberated right now and i can see my life heading on a better track already. this really feels like a huge accomplishment for me and i can't wait for the future. what did you do for yourself today? what made you feel good? thanks everyone	3
my mom messed with the wifi and now its not working now i cant do my school work or my zoom class	18
i'm better at talking to people irl than online...what gives? i'm self-aware enough to know that you have to talk to people to make friends - perfectly ok with doing it irl - but it feels different online for some reason. there are so many cool people i'd love to talk to and connect with, but i'm at a loss when it comes to actually starting off a convo! idk, i guess i just don't want to say the wrong thing or embarrass myself once it's started, i'm totally fine, but making the first move is really hard for me - what should i do?	12
anyone interested in giving me an option? i'm aware there's redddits for this specific thing but i tried posing but didn't get many replies and since this is r/self thought i'd try it here okay so, question is, am i attractive? i'm having a really hard time with this for a couple of reasons. one of them is, i've had a hard childhood or lack of childhood. i was depressed for so long that i didn't care about my appearance at all. once high school ended i fixed up so many things and it's how i got to my current "state" i guess? i'm running out of ideas on what to fix next tho so here's that another reason is, in the past (since i fixed myself up) i've been getting some pretty uhh "nice" compliments. something even more conflicting (well with myself at least ) is that i often get stared at at the gym and i'm like "wtf" bc 1. i have had a personal trainer so my form is good so they're not like staring because i'm doing it wrong, 2. i'm at least average so they're not like yeah.. 3. i'm no where nearly that attractive for people to be staring at so often so yeah there's that.. let's have a conversation:) if you're interested in giving your opinion comment and i'll reply with a link to a picture (when i post thing like this i just get thousands of views on them but no replies )	7
i have a keanu reeves profile pic but nobody wants to see it this is so sad	2
wow my necks really fuckin red and i almost passed out just trying to suffocate myself myself cause i like the feeling of being close to death	18
i've never disliked a character as much as heather in fresh meat dear god i'm struggling to get through this because she's so irritating. i get the character's supposed to be sarcastic but i also think it's mostly because the actress is just really bad. i can't stand her facial expressions she makes me rage	1
i had a dream... and it was to get the longest 'nice' chain on reddit. it's gonna die in new, but hey, let's a go gamers! note: to make it easier, reply to my comment with the word 'nice' or we'll get a r/redditkarmaroulette.	18
carpool lanes im curious about these as we dont have them where im from. so its a lane for more than one person in the car? (my understanding).. but how does this make the lane more desirable when i would imagine theres usually more than one person in a car? also how is it regulated? do you get stopped and fined? is it just for people going to work together? what is the official purpose of it? do you ever take that lane and is it faster than other lanes? idk just trying to make this post casual conversation worthy with these questions	1
yo i have 4 followers on reddit wtf did i do to deserve this achievement	13
go look at the poll on my profile and vote thankies pleaseeeee	13
has anyone ever had any luck having something they left on an airplane returned to them? let me start of by saying don't ever travel on christmas day, it has been nothing but a nightmare from the very beginning. flying from miami to toronto today i left my laptop under the seat in front of me, not realizing until i got into the security line on the way to my connecting flight. i left the line to go speak to the american airlines customer service desk who made some calls to check and see if it had been turned in. well it hadn't been, so according to them my laptop probably wasn't on the flight at all because it's someone's job to check the plane after people get off /before the next group comes on. but really, it was 100% there and i know exactly where i left it. the plane had already left for its next trip before i realized so it's not like i could ask them to go check in the exact spot i knew it was. so all i could do was file a lost and found report on the american airlines website... has this ever happened to anyone and if so what was the result? i'm feeling extremely upset and down about it. i'm a student- i don't make enough money to survive on my own let alone buy a new laptop. this one was in fact a gift from my parents for getting into school so asking for another is most certainly not an option. not to mention the numerous irreplaceable files that were on the laptop... needless to say i'm feeling sorry for myself. i feel i'm not going to get it back and i'm so angry with myself because obviously this is my own fault. someone please tell me their story like this that has a happy ending	14
wrongthink = instant subreddit ban; celebrating rape and theft? all good my friend ;[d1234567]=gg]=[d1235678] [d78][d378][d7] [d8][d78][d78][d3678][d378][d78][d7] [d4568][d12345678][d12345678][d1235678] gg[d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12457]=( ^==f [d12345678][d12345678][d12345678]l @ca [d12345678][d1235678][d378] [d23568][d235678][d1235678][d235678][d235678][d3678][d78] [d12345678][d12345678][d12345678] @d]r [d5678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678] [d8][d78][d678][d3678][d35678][d235678][d37] [d678][d2345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d13678][d235678][d235678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678]==gb [d568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d37] [d4568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d17] @[d1234568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678]a g[d1234568][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d12345678][d1234567]q ccc the admins definitely make some interesting choices in deciding who to ban. rape is good, theft is good, pedo appreciation is good but post a no-no belief like thinking guns are good? bye bye subreddit. really stimulates the noodle.	18
can anyone who's fluent in human conversation help me out? so i like this girl, she's new and we've only talked in zooms. i dm'd her on instagram and we had the following convo: (she put a rickroll in her bio for context) me: aaand i just got rickrolled (she hearted this) me: should've seen that coming (she hearted this) her: hahahahahah her: woops me: now i've gotta memorize the link (she hearted this) and bam, convo over. what do i do now? am i really this shit at talking to people?	4
smh all i want is a sinp post why cant someone simp over me	2
taking back candy from poor mannered children first, i understand i overreacted these are kids and i shouldn't of let this affect me as much as i let it. also this happened like 45 minutes ago i have the note that says i have a meeting with the dean of students to be scheduled sometime monday. with that said let me give you some knowledge of things before the incident that has now placed me into administrative detention or whatever they wanna call it. our dorm allows neighborhood kids to come in and participate in trick or treating during halloween. me and my roomate bought way too much candy so that we could be "that dorm" we're talking full size snickers and everything. we kept the door open and played fifa while the kids would come by and take candy from the box we set outside. now i don't know if all kids are like this but taking literally hand full of full size snacks and having their parents just walk by and not say anything. hand full after hand full of course the majority kids were very nice and only took one or two which was fine. the first incident came where the kid has asked his mother "how many can i take" she responded with "well there's no note here honey. so you should take as many as you want" loud enough for us to clearly hear it and gave us a look. the kid only took two so we let it go. my roomate looked at each other and said "some people suck" now for the tifu part, this bratty fucking spawn of satan little girls comes and screams "lazy" since we are here playing fifa. proceeds, to take at least 10 full size snickers and isn't stopping. i stand up run to the door and take back all the candy she took from us. which of course means she starts crying and howling how im really mean and i'm not sure what else (it was not english at that point). which also introduces douche bag dad, who then gets in my face threatening to fight me until i give his daughter the candies she wants. now i'm no macho fighter guy but this piece of shit is like 5'4 not that intimidated i stand my ground not saying anything which turns into a screaming match where i say numerous thing i'm not proud of. specifically, is "that wife beater a costume or real life". after getting separated by other parents and roomate he goes and complains with other parents and i am now sitting in my dorm waiting for to be informed of my colleges decision on what they are going to do to me. tl;dr got into argument with douchebag dad during halloween in my dorm. people complained about it and now i'm awaiting college decision on what my punishment is. update: just gonna clarify some stuff yes it was october 27th my dorm allowed kids to come in to trick or treat despite it not being october 31st idk why. yes random people are allowed in as long as they have a kid i think. i didn't say anything racial or hateful to the guy when we were screaming. i 100% agree on i should of put a note, i should not have tried to discipline a child or let it get to me and i should not have engaged in a screaming match of a father. (corrected my use of shouldn't of and should have ) i feel a lot of people agree with my actions because they were shitty people, but aren't focusing on how the university is going to see everything that happened. i took candy from a child and made an aggressive presence in the dorm by arguing with the dad. while i stand by my actions i know they were not something to do in a college dorm when i am representing them. however, i will not apologize for my actions when it comes to the father, i felt threatened in my own dorm by some asshole. i plan on accepting whatever consequence comes from this after i explain my side of the story and just hope it does not affect my sport scholarship or my college life. will update one last time monday after the meeting with the dean	0
who is coolest user on sub? title. (probably not me yet )	4
i don't want to go to work today i just want to sleep all day but no that's too much to ask for	12
do you ever cry tears of happiness when you hear a song you haven't heard in forever that brings you joy? or am i a weirdo i just heard best of my love by the emotions and i haven't heard it in forever and for some reason i started tearing and now i'm listening to other 70s & 80s hits and i'm crying tears of happiness and grooving by myself in my room.	9
my mom saw me using r/teenagers, told me to scroll through and she didn't like what she saw. so this is my goodbye my mom didn't like all the cussing and sex jokes and all, but i have decided it may be time to leave myself as well. i may fit the age group, but i think i've matured past this subforum a bit and it's time to say goodbye. i've cherished a lot of memories here over the past two years and this goodbye is in hopes of a better future for all of you (and myself of course). i'll come back every now and then just to see what's up, but i really think it's time for me to move on. and guys, **talking to girls is not as hard as you guys make it seem!** just walk up to a girl, say hi, and a lot of the time she'll actually steer the conversation. trust me, she is just as happy as you are about talking to someone of the opposite sex who seems at least a tiny bit interested lol.	13
exposing my breast to an elderly gentleman my husband and i were at home at night and i was breastfeeding my baby daughter when he heard someone outside our house. he called out, "you right there mate? can i help you?" a man replied that he was looking for his wife and was a bit lost. damn straight he's lost, we're at the end of a street with bushland on 3 sides and it's pitch black. my husband told him to come around the front and answered the door (rolling pin in hand ) to see a very elderly gentleman covered in bugs and sticks. he said he needed help. we invited him inside and handed my sleeping baby to my husband so i could call the police... forgetting i had been feeding her. i stood up with my boob all the way out and completely uncovered. cue averted eyes and an awkward silence i called the police and there was a missing persons alert out for him, so we waited while making awkward conversation until the police and his family arrived. turned out he had alzheimer's so he might not even remember but it's not a high point for me tbh tl;dr with an elderly stranger in the room i handed my baby to my husband, forgetting i had been breastfeeding so my boob was completely out of my top	1
things with my girlfriend suck right now and it's all my dickhead friend's fault i have this friend who is a dickhead and took something i said out of context and told my girlfriend that i called her a horse, and that i thought our relationship was a joke. and now she isn't talking to me. she hasn't texted me back all day and it's bumming me out man. what sucks is that i didn't even say any of that! those were literally things he said :( i just wish he didn't ever come talk to us. she was in such a good mood before that. i hate that she's sad right now. i wish i could fix this somehow but that's pretty improbable seeing as how she isn't responding to me. if you see this, baby, i'm sorry. please text me back	3
i'm bored hmu send me (15f) a chat, i'll talk about anything i'm that bored	1
i need fwiends :( pls dm me but i also am a little h0rny so pls dont bonk me uwu	5
just stayed in the pool during adult break not one lifeguard was aware. the fools, they were tricked, backstabbed, conned, all around bamboozled. i like to live life dangerously, later straights	0
any other boys have sensitive nipples and get a pleasurable feeling like when the stream in the shower hits them text so automod doesn't remove the post	5
you get an upvote! you get an upvote! everybody gets an upvote! but seriously, i'm terrible at upvoting. i'll genuinely appreciate a post or chuckle but i never remember to upvote. i've got to get in the habit of it starting today. everyone have a good day/night! edit: everyone has been upvoted so far! plus i've given away like 200 upvotes outside of this thread. i'm getting better!	19
where do you buy designer? i know this isn't a typical causal conversation post, but its a question i have that i haven't really been able to find a good answer to, and we all know posts on r/askreddit either get 20k upvotes or zero. where do you buy fake designer at? as much as i like to think i'm rich, i can't afford an $800 wallet. i've tried ioffer but my card keeps getting rejected help reddit, please!	12
happy father's day to the fatherless out there! who needs a dad anyways	1
question regarding tiktok..... if i gave y'all my tiktok would you follow? i'll follow back ofc.	13
late night talks? my friend just fell asleep on the phone with me anyone wanna chat? (or call)	1
my power went out less than an hour after going into 2019. i hope this isn't an indication of how 2019 is going to go. it's almost 1am. my power went out about 30 minutes ago because of some high winds. it's 55 degrees out (not too bad for this area, tbh) and i have a toddler. i feel like this is a bad omen for 2019	12
i'm happy i have the friends i do so, i just finished my first year at university and, like most teenagers, was really worried about starting and making mates etc. first day there some people came and knocked on my door and introduced themselves and i guess the rest is history from that point . happy to say those 2 people that did are some of my best mates at this point. also been asked to play in loads of music stuff and met loads of people through that. sadly didn't get the girl i wanted (big rip) but you move on i guess hahaha. sorry if that's a weird post, just wanted to be grateful etc and start a conversation with people about their university experiences!	9
me when i'm alright: clean potato of sleepiness and happiness; me when i'm anxious: stressed potato of farts. like, whenever i'm even a slightly bit anxious, my stomach is like "nope. i'm giving up. don't let anybody come near you. and run to the toilet every five minutes or so" what's your body's response to stress/anxiety?	1
repost from r/relationship_advice long story. it's kind of a long story. me(28m), met this woman(f27) over 10 years ago. we we're just kids. we were both into each other as teens but because of the strict religion we we're involved in, we never expressed our attraction to each other until later, though. and while nothing came of it because of distance and other factors, we stayed very close friends. about 7 years ago, she was kicked out of our religion. and as per the rules, i didn't speak to her after that. i hated it but i was pretty much in a cult and believed it 100%. so i followed the rules and cut off communication. fast forward. 3 years ago i realize i'm in a cult. my religion is wrong. the first person i reach out to is her. we pick up like we never stopped. since then, for 3 years, we've talked pretty regularly. only over text or social media or phone calls, since there is some distance between us. and my old feelings started to come back. about a month ago, i told her so. and she let me down gently that she didn't feel that way about me and didn't think she would. so i've been trying to get over that and still be a good friend to her. mind you, we haven't been together in person in 10 years. that changed last night. she happened to be coming to the city i'm working in for her birthday. her, and a couple close family members. so last night for the first time in a decade, we got to see each other again. she hugged me like an old friend at first sight, then gave all things in her hands to a family member and jumped into my arms, full on cheesy legs around my ass, arms around my neck and just hung there. for awhile. then we went to hear some live music. she stood next to me, touching my arm from time to time. danced against me(i'm not a big dancer). when riding in an uber from place to place, we'd usually be separated by one person, but she'dreach behind them to put her hand on my shoulder and just touch me. little side note: i had to work the next day and be up at 530 am. around 11, her sister asks me if i'll hang with them for the night cause it would mean a lot to the main character of this experience. of course i agreed. i'm keeping things strictly friendly. she told me she's not interested, so i don't want to encroach on any boundaries. after a few drinks, we all decide to go back to their hotel for drinks and games. we just played stupid games and drank beer until nearly 4am. it was great. but i had to go at least take a nap before work and excuse myself to call an uber and go back to my hotel on the other side of town. my friend says she'll walk me out. we get in the elevator, and her party face goes away and it's like a guard drops. she tells me i'm just how she remembered. we exit the elevator and walk outside the hotel. she hugs me and says i can hold her til the uber gets there. he pulls up not too much later and she let's go, looks up at me, and jumps into my arms again. i'm kind of taken aback cause my driver is just staring at us and i didn't expect it. she held on to me for awhile. maybe 20 seconds. we said our goodbyes and i walked to the uber. she watched me leave until i was out of sight. even my driver made a few comments about how it seemed like leaving her was a big deal... this morning i got an invite to hang out with them tonight again since they leave tomorrow morning. keep in mind it's just 3 women and myself. i'm obviously going to go, but i'm not sure how to act. growing up in a cult has meant that my dating game is limited to cult experience. and dating is super different in the cult than out. am i just reading into things, or is she giving me signals and wanting me to act on them? i'm trying to be respectful of what she's told me just a few weeks ago. help please.	9
help i asked a girl to a dance and i don't know what to do. help!	5
i (m/25) have a best friend (f/24) who's boyfriend (27) gets very volatile and jealous around her due to the nature of our friendship, how do i do my part to make things easier for her? hi guys, first time posting on this sub but it's something i feel i should have done a long time a go. i've been best friends with a girl who i'll call sarah for the sake of this post for just past a year now and everything is great between us, people often assume we're a couple when they see us out together. we've both had similar up bringings as kids in care, are not the most social of people, love the same types of music, food, tv shows ect and we even work together. both of us have also admitted we have a platonic love for each other due to how close we are. sadly, there is one wedge that stands between sarah and i, her boyfriend. her very volatile and jealous boyfriend who constantly makes her life harder than it has to be because of my friendship with sarah. and frankly, it breaks my heart to see. here's an example: we were hanging around her place the other day watching tv on the couch and having a good laugh as we normally do until he turns up unexpectedly, and immediately sarah's attitude changes. she goes from constantly taking selfies of us, goofing around and being hilarious to being the silent, timid girl she is often perceived as by strangers due to his presence. and honestly, i'm torn between confronting him about it and cutting myself out of sarah's life because of it which is the last thing i want as like i've mentioned, i have too much love and respect fir her. i fear that might bethe easier thing to do for both our sakes though as i know that confrontation will make life harder for her once i leave them alone together. any advice would be greatly appreciated, cheers guys	6
i'm gonna use a glass jar as a buttplug	0
12:50am and all my friends are asleep i've had a rough couple days and i'm attempting to be wholesome... how was everyone's days? what's the best thing that happened to you today? what did you have for dinner? *(i understand timezones exist so feel free to describe your yesterday!)* i appreciate any and all replies and will happily engage in conversation	8
just a friendly reminder just a friendly reminder that jesus loves you and you should get to know him if you don't	8
why won't a man love me i see all this shit about people being in relationships and it just makes me feel like shit. why can't a man just love me for who i am!? sure the other day my close friend confessed that he had feelings for me but he's 5'3 and probably only a 4 at best so no way i'm dating him. i just want love ffs but the society we live in just says no	4
i just got rejected by a random girl online i met 10 minutes ago . i need emotional support bros	4
the shitposting in this sub is terrible, shameful is what it is that includes me none of us are funny	2
if it were true that nobody is plotting against me then why is my life consistently shit and out of my control when there are so many happy people in the world? by out of control i pretty much mean (among other things) last december i hit up my government for my birth certificate which my mum could hardly afford as it was, i still don't have it after they botched my details and i had to get a replacement. i can't get my drivers license or bank account without one so iv pretty much just been sitting here hopelessly while everyone else i know had a normal life.	7
someone went and downvoted all my posts, so to combat it, if you see this. please downvote it quick please just downvote this post, mabye take a look at my profile, i'm pretty litty. but just please downvote	6
i just turned 13! kinda cool innit	5
a you tuber i like is following me on twitter i feel cool now the you tuber is "nootmad" if anyone wanted to know	0
i need help. is it weird to have a daughter but not make good dad jokes?	10
you know the noodles they serve at chinese buffets? i wanna make some someone please give me a recipe so i can make them at home	7
ha i'm old af 19 tf? lmao bruh, please no ew	2
didddily puff more crush stuff so recently i had a crush on this girl from a different school which i'm gonna call school b( i go to school a) i'm gonna call the girl h. she also liked me but i asked her out and she said she likes us better as friends and she's not ready to date. a couple weeks later i realized that she was actually super annoying and also as flat as a flat screen tv, and now i don't like her anymore, but she is still one of my best friends. next part of the story. i'm in the band, which is with a couple schools, i'm gonna say school a, b, c and d, but we don't really need d cause school d is gaaay. at the band trip a couple weeks ago, there was this girl there that i thought was super cute from school c i'm gonna call her o and a couple days after that she texted my other friend and said i kept looking at her. then a couple days ago, a day after i realized i didn't like h, o added me on snapchat. i added her back. she sent me a picture of her drinking water which was weird then five minutes later texted me saying you just gonna leave me on opened like that? i was like oh sorry... nice water! then we got into this whole conversation for like an hour straight of talking. at one point she said, "you're funny" and i said thanks you're funny too, then she waited like ten minutes which was odd because most of the conversation was like answering right away and she was like np haha thanks. she also said "we should talk more face to face cause we see each other all the time on band trips" but the thing is h was telling me that her and o used to be friends but they had a falling out because o called her fat, and i feel like if i date or am good friends with o h will be mad. but also i feel like h was in the wrong with the whole fat thing because frankly o was probably just mad at h because h offends people all the time and doesn't seem to realize how mean she is. anyway, do you think o likes me, or just w to to be friends. sorry that was long. that's what she said. tl; dr don't like old crush anymore starts talking with new crush but new crush and old crush don't like each other.	1
the mods of the 2018banout shaneh7646 siouxsie_siouxv2 dubteedub phedre n8thegr8 llim merari01 quietus42 subtle_omega shitpost953 they are the mods of (i'm only including popular subs) r/doctorwho r/moviedetails r/learnuselesstalents r/subredditoftheday r/prematurecelebration r/pics r/art r/aww r/lifeprotips r/tifu r/oddlysatisfying r/worldnews r/gaming and a shit ton more. tldr this shit is legit. reddit is fucked.	10
whose school year ends after this week not me	0
what's the difference what's the difference between a guy best friend and a boyfriend. they look like the same guy to me	2
sure, photoshop and illustrator are cool... but only the pros use kid pix.	0
heyo teens i feel like making someone's day since it's a friday. comment a joke and first person to make me exhale an unusual amount of air from my nose gets gold. good luck.	5
lmao, imagine not having your virginity remember kids, virginity is cool, stay pure	0
need help with 30th bday ideas so my 30th bday is later this year. yea yea i'm old . i want to do something big and different for it but needs to be reasonably priced so that i don't exclude people because of cost. i don't want to host my own party either. i hate big parties haha. i feel like if i plan it far enough in advance ppl can plan and save for it now. just not sure what to do for it. suggestions? any and all ideas are welcome. i have friends and family who live in different states and so if they have to travel i want to make it worthwhile for them.	1
hey, lookin for some fellow xbox nerds. just needing more friends to game with. i'm 13 btw (yes ik, the lowest level a teen can be.)	17
would it be weird to ask my friends both 23f why their other friend (25f) might not like me (23f) hellooo. tl;dr: would it be weird to ask my two good friends if or why their other friend doesn't like me? so to start off me and my two good friends monica and callie have been friends for 6 years and went to undergrad together and started off as the same major. we're all 23 and our birthdays are within a week of each other. (relevant later). monica decided that she didn't like our major and switched out but we all three remained close friends. when monica switched out of the program she became instant friends with this girl abby. i met abby for the first time and i immediately felt like there was weird vibes between us. she was super judgmental since i was the only one out of the four of us that had sex. she would make snide comments about me having a long term boyfriend when i was previously "slutty" it was college and only slept with 4 people ) fast forward to a week ago and the four of us go out to dinner for abby's birthday (me monica and callie's birthdays are all together and she hates this). she arrives first and asks how i am and immediately sits down. but as soon as monica and callie sit down she makes a huge fuss and hugs them right away and sits down (i being a total asshole) say "i didn't get a hug" i was a little tipsy ooops. and then she huffs and puffs and hugs me anyway. then monica and callie ask if i have any good "tea" or gossip or fun stories. abby chimes in right away before i even answer and screams i have some good tea. the whole restaurant must have heard her. so she starts off and monica and callie turn to me and ask what about you. so i start telling them about my parents divorce and abby screams again "no wonder why you lost your virginity like that you're so fucked up." excuse me. i don't know her like that and i thought it was very rude. then in the middle of me talking she screams again in a baby voice "look at my nails look how sparkly look how shiny" and pulls out her phone flashlight in the middle of a dim restaurant. she then would only talk to monica and not even look at callie or me the rest of the night. me and callie looked at each other and over at them and rolled our eyes. i had totally had it with her other antics by the end of the night. fast forward to this weekend me, callie and monica are hanging out without abby and i'm tempted to ask them if abby doesn't like me or why abby doesn't like me. would it be weird or rude? abby seems to like callie just fine and is absolutely obsessed with monica.	11
i'd let a girl do very gay things to me. i just want a dom gf. but society be like "no"	2
do y'all ever get love horny? not horny like you wanna have s*x but like just want someone to text you or hug you or just cuddle	15
does anyone else hate when you walk in front of someone and then you decide to move but then they move with you and then it happens a second time until you finally decide to be the one to move away? it happened at school now and it was embarrassing	7
ex sending mixed signals **me [17m] and my ex [18f] broke up about three weeks ago.** lately she has been really nice and almost flirty in person. like laughing at stuff i da that is not really funny and then reeealy laughing at stuff i say that is. and also like doodling on my paper during class and writing "you suck". (we sit next to each other), pointing out how veiny my arms are . stuff like that. but then not in person she is really cold seeming. like leaving me on read and two or three word answers. not responding to my streaks on snapchat that day "how is everyone doing". it's like she's two different people. **can anyone explain this behavior?** tldr: ex girlfriend is acting different in person vs over text/snap.	17
i got my fav voice actor to greet me on a live youtube transmission (spanish voice for xandir) so... the voice actor is from mexico and he does xandir's voice (from drawn together) and he does other voices like krilling from dbz or josh from drake and josh. i just casually entered the video, and saw this special option youtube has to pay for a highlighted comment on the live chat box. i pad about a dollar, and just before he ended the transmission he said my name outloud and sent me greetings in xandir's voice (xandir is my favorite chatacter). it was the first time i pay something so mindlessly online (maybe it was dumb...? but just a dollar so... ok i guess?) it felt so weird and exiting to hear him.-. im happy	6
8 hours of precious sleep required. hey guys and girls. 8 hours of sleep if required by your body, if u plan to have a healthy , then u need atleast 7 hours of sleep. otherwise you're risking heart health issues. a good night's sleep is the most important thing for most of y'all. please don't neglect urselves.	3
no facial hairs for me hi guys i will be 17 in 15 days and i still haven't gotten a single facial hair and all my friends have got em this makes me embarrassed as even guys who are 2-3 years younger than me have got em too . please help me get over it	14
i don't know wtf to do. ...i like this girl.. she is so prettyyy and she flirts with me jokingly... but she is so pretty and she has a bf.. i'm 15f nskdbbd she is too, it's like it could be perfect but she is like doing her own thing and i'm just simping lmfaooo. and i'm not tryna pray on their relationships downfall.. i just feckity fecky feck. yk?	4
everyone is complaining about having to upvote with their right hand... but i'm a lefty with an iphone 4s	0
i have a girlfriend now that means i can't stay in this subreddit anymore, farewell fellas much love,	3
i got a shot earlier today and my arm is still hurting a bit. so that's kind of annoying, but k guess it could be worse. it was a meningitis vaccine. also i have an book report due on the 3rd of may, and this book i chose is super hard for me . it's *the myth of sisiphys* by albert camus. but its friday, so i guess i'm having a 6/10 night. wby	1
had my first creepy male encounter in my neighborhood and i feel dumb i was walking home from the gym at night in shorts and some guy came up to me and asked if i had a man. i should have said yes but am not a good liar so said no he asked for my number and i basically said no thanks, he asked if he could walk me home and again i should have said no but i'm so shy i have a lot of trouble telling people no. so he walked me home, only took a few minutes but was v awkward. i told him i'm gonna go inside now but thanks for walking me home. he touched my butt which has actually never happened with a stranger before and i went inside quickly. now i'm thinking about the whole thing feeling so stupid for not telling him i'm not interested and now he knows where i live. why am i like this...	11
i am in need of male advice plz dm for question because the person mentioned in the question knows my reddit account yikes help a girl out plz	2
i just want to do my homework but period pains make me unable to do anything expect lie in bed in agony	7
i like my men how i like my pillows firm, in excess, and in my bed	5
petition to ban me (u/gremlinsocks) from r/teenagers for just being too cool	0
i'm gonna throw up not cuz anything gross happened, just cuz i'm lactose intolerant and ate cereal	19
hey guys ya boy got 998 karma yee haw but on a fr note r/teenagers has always been hella cool love you guys	18
don't make me say it! i will. i'll do it. i'll say it guys, don't make me. i'm on my last nerve rn	16
temporary people, temporary memories this is deep is this deep? this is deep is this deep? this is deep	2
should i take dogs with me on cross country trip? i was involved in an accident a few days ago. a car hit a car which slammed into me. i was in no fault. the other vehicles insurance is providing me a rental til i purchase another car. my friend happens to work at a car rental office , so i have a brand new f150 at my disposal. how do i not go on a road trip. me and my wife are leaving friday 4 am and are gna try to make it out towards nevada as quick as possible. hoping by monday and spend 2-3 days camping in the grand canyon and mojave and end up for a week in vegas. here's where it gets tricky. i have 2 dogs, 1 1/2 yr old german shepherd and a 4 1/2 month goldendoodle. i'd love to bring them along and they'res plenty of room in the back seat to keep them comfortable. and i know i'd love it with them in the desert and national parks, but it will require us to rent a house way off the strip and part of the fun of vegas is staying on strip. and if i don't take the dogs i can drop off the car at a rental shop there and fly back if that's what i wanted. my parents can easily take them for us so keeping them safe is not a problem if we take that route. anyone else done anything like this with pets? versus not bringing the let with them?	0
i think reddit is trying to tell me something. reddit has been suggesting one specific sub for so long even tho i've never even heard of it. r/amiugly reddit is trying to tell me something..	4
i was told i look too young! i (male, almost 39) took my 17 year old son to the dmv the other day to get his driver's license. the employee behind the counter questioned who i am. "i am his father." "oh! you don't look old enough to be his dad." it made my day. obviously, i'm still thinking about it!	6
single gang here **gang gang!**	0
i just got spotify premium for .99 cents for 3 whole months smd.	0
[repost] looking for a gamer gf	0
i'm moving out! and i'm scared. to start. i'm 18 and got accepted to college in september and i'm moving out, 5 hours away from home and 2 hours away from anyone i know. i'm super scared! do any of you have any advice? i'm just trying to wrap my head around being alone and trying to adult. i'm worried i'll fail or something i guess	1
i need a volunteer i'm kinda tired so i need some thighs to sleep on. any volunteers?	2
as a wise man once said i didn't force you to be offended, you chose to be offended.	0
ignore this rant i only "miss" my ex when i'm bored which sucks because i'm bored now suddenly thinking about him ugh he brought out the worst in me and tbh he's kinda lame anyway so ofc i'm not gnna reach out to him but i hate that this even happens it's ok i'm gonna watch movies and let this blow over	8
i've just had the worst day of my life in awhile i'm so fucking stressed from my school, and i've been working on homework since 5:30 this morning, and it's already past 3. i took two quizzes and one test. one of my quizzes was all free response, and only 6 questions long. i had a meltdown because i couldn't get anything below an a on another assignment, or i'd have a c in another class besides math. i also had a spanish quiz today, which when i first took it, i thought it submitted. but apparently not, and now my resubmission is considered late and will have 50 points taken off! **i got a 100 the first time, and it was a computer error** and then i studied for three hours straight before taking my math test, and i still only got a fucking 75. now my grade is stuck as a fucking c and itll take a miracle to fix my gpa before its too late maybe i just really suck at math because i apparently can't do goddamn anything to remember it. not to mention my great uncle died today, and im having the worst fucking cramps of my entire goddamn pathetic life not to mention, a guy called me an ugly fat whore who was good for nothing. he told me that every guy in school thinks i'm a total ugly bitch and that i should kill myself i also got called the d slur #so yeah, today's been fucking great	19
i'm (21) feeling like a bad boyfriend for being so jealous for my gf (20 so my gf don't have any male friends at all, not because of me but because we both were religious in the past. we never discussed about knowing other boys/girls and never talked about boundaries. today she called me and told me she met a gay dude and they talked a lot and she asked me if i care about them being and touch and maybe meet. i told her i need some time to think about it. my conclusions are: - i want to trust her whatever she sees other gay/straight guys. - every time i'm thinking about her talking to other guys i'm getting anxious and stressed. - i don't want to be this jealous and needy boyfriend who tells his gf what to do and who to talk to. - i don't want our limited time together (we usually meet only on the weekends) to somehow be "spent" on other guys, gays nor straight. - generally i have trust issues and i'm really terrified of getting cheated. so from one side i want to trust her and give her all the freedom and support that she needs and i know i can't hide her from the world and the other guys in it but from the other side i'm getting anxious every time she talks to someone else even my closest friends and i can't imagine her hanging out with some other dudes even though i trust her almost 100%. your thoughts? - **tl;dr** my gf told me she met a gay dude and she asked me if i care if they'll be in touch and meet from time to time and i feel like i do.	2
being racist towards black cats obligatory this didn't happen today, just got around to writing it. okay so some context: me and my parents found a starving black cat on the 19th while out for a walk. we've found many cats before, none have come close to the pitiful shape this one is in. i'm talking concentration camp skinny. when i reached down to touch her i burst into tears because it was so painful. so... it's been a very intensely stressful couple of days, worrying about this sweet kitty and having to keep her contained since we have 6 other cats and we can't risk her spreading disease if she has one. she starts throwing up what she's eaten, and i panic. she's already so weak she's only walked a few feet at this point and it's been two days. so i'm shaking and freaking out and we go to the emergency vets (we found her when every place is closed aside from there and it's very expensive so we tried to hold off talking her.) we get there and my head's a buzz, i'm socially awkward enough but i'm already attached to this cat and trying not to burst into tears so people are talking to me and i'm just.. delayed and not really thinking about what i say or do. the vet can tell i'm visibly upset so she tries to make small talk and distract me. we're talking about our other pets and how we already have two other black cats. i mention she looks just like one of them and was found on the same street so she might be related. but instead of ending there, i kept talking. "now i'm not one of those people who say all black cats look alike because they don't but-" and i realized what i said to the african american vet. and i die inside. i feel like a crushed soda can internally. she knew, i knew. cringe. long story short, my dad made sure to roast me endlessly for that slip up and the kitty is okay right now. she's currently eating and purring on my lap happy as can be. i'm not sure i'll make as a speedy a recovery as her though. tl;dr found a starving cat, took her to the vet and had a tobias funke-esque slip up where i ranted about how i think all black cats don't usually look alike to a black vet without realizing what i was saying.	11
my [28f] bf [28m] said some hurtful things and idk if i can get past it. i need some insight please a couple of weeks ago, my bf and i were having a couple of drinks and i brought up that i was thinking of losing some weight (i am not overweight but i gained 10 lbs in the last 2 years). i then mentioned that my male coworker said i look good the way i am now and if i were skinnier, it would look bad. my bf then responded with "but i've seen you naked... lululemons lie!" he then proceeded to explain himself by saying how my butt is not muscular nor big... and i was just speechless and pissed because i had never said that my butt was big or nice. i was clearly hurt and upset, and he looks at me and says "look i know you're upset but there's nothing i can do about it" and he went to bed (it was very late and i knew he was tired). i couldn't sleep that night because i was really upset. the following morning, he acted like nothing had happened and asked me why i didn't sleep. i asked him if he remembered what happened last night and if he had anything to say about it. he then said "i mean... what's said is said...i can't take it back." at this point i couldn't keep it in any longer and just words/feelings vomited how fcked up and hurtful what he said was. after he then said he was sorry and i was too pissed to accept his apology especially because i didn't think he was sincere about it. we had just opened up a lot sexually/intimately. but now i felt like my body was not good enough for him and i was humiliated with his reaction. just a week before this, we got into a huge fight and broke up/got back together. he took me to his work holiday party (i get anxious with big social gatherings especially if i don't know anyone) and proceeded to ignore me the entire dinner. he sat next to his female colleague that he has weekly dinner dates with (even though they see each other 11 hours a day). he knew that i was skeptical of their one on one dinner dates after work but he has reassured me that she was excited to meet me at the holiday party. well at that dinner, she was only talking to my bf (with her own bf sitting on the other side of her that she barely spoke to), talking about inside jokes, casually touching him and laughing very loud the entire time. she barely spoke to me and the one time she did, she didn't even listen to my response. my bf was so caught up in talking to her that when he did remember that i was sitting right next to him, he had to physically move his chair closer to me (he had somehow drifted very close to her and far from me) and tell me that i had to try a certain dish that came out. only to go back to his conversation with her. all of his other coworkers were busy talking about their inside jokes and work, it was hard for me to fit in a conversation with anyone. i was pretty livid after that dinner because i felt humiliated and like the child that the parent had to bring to the adult table. afterwards when i told him how i felt about that night, he said he acted like that because he was upset that i wasn't excited about the party even though i told him that i was nervous. anyways this is getting so long and i'm writing this out on my phone at work. pretty much i'm asking for some insight/advice about whether or not i should give my bf another chance? am i overreacting? he really says he's sorry but i can't get his words out of my head. the more he tries to explain why he said what he said, the worse the entire thing gets. please help. this is written poorly and i'm sorry.. i'm a terrible writer and my thoughts are all jumbled up. tl;dr: my bf said some hurtful things. idk if i am overreacting and whether or not i should give our relationship another try.	1
i got testicular torsion and had to get one of my balls removed so yea don't ignore it if your balls ever hurt, imm go and die now	5
i miss being a kid. i hate having hair on every inch of my body. sometimes it feels "cool" because it reminds me that i'm growing but other times it just feels disgusting. like, whenever i go to scratch my ass crack the butt hair always gets in the way and makes things feel so uncomfortable. or whenever i try to suck my own dick i just end up with a face full of pubic hair. feels bad man	14
tv show showed naked person there is, reddit, that i liked a lot ... i love it a lot when the tv shows say naked people is one of my favorite things in this click your mother world. tell me, what do you think when a show teaches big tits?	1
getting too high and thinking i died obligatory this happened a few weeks ago but i just recently mustered the strength to share my story. don't post much on here but this must be shared lol. i had such a bad trip. i been wanting a vape pen for sooo long so i finally bought a cart of purple punch indica, 90% thc and i was ready to rock and roll. see the thing is, i don't know anything about purple punch... and that was mistake number 1. lack of research . i literally asked my plug if they had indica (because that's what i tend to prefer) and they were like yup... handed me the pack of purple punch cartridge. i can tell you... a punch indeed it was. i smoked some gelato strain earlier in the day and i thought it would be cool to top the night off with some punch. so i kid you not... i took exactly one hit ... one (pretty fat) hit of this pen, and within like 10 minutes of extreme coughing and lack of air. i was high off my mf ass. i started to get that feeling of oh shit i'm high, when i noticed that every sound i was hearing was uncomfortably loud. like i could hear myself swallowing, breathing, typing so loudly... now things start to turn bad when for some odd reason my brain tricked itself into thinking i was on acid or some shit. my vision became wavy and it literally felt like my phone was melting and morphing into my hands. so i turned off my light, kept the tv on, and decided to lay down and try to "sleep the high away". ha. worst decision ever. i lay on my bed and an instant wave of euphoria rushed over my body. my entire body felt... cool. not cold but just really cool and chill. it's about an hour in and i feel like shit. i'm scared. i'm shaking. i'm twitching. and i'm praying to god that he would take my high away. i turned my tv on to the christian broadcasting network, and took my bible and held on to it. i thought i was getting better, but every time i realized i wasn't, i'd panick and raise my heart rate. my heart rate was so fast that i had to get up and walk around a few times. except that wouldn't last long because i'd behind shaking and twitching again and my knees would buckle. at that point i thought i was possessed. like i was legitimately moving like the grudge. i prayed some more and rebuked the drug. nothing. so i put on my handy dandy apple watch and had it monitor my heart rate. 128 bps... resting heart rate. great. i'm dying. i promise you in these moments i thought i had died. i thought i died and i was just reliving my last moments before death. it was intense and i honestly just wanted to be sober. every time i'd try to lay down and relax, if i got too relaxed, i'd feel like i was literally melting into my bed. there were points in time when i literally physically became one with my bed. there was no difference between me and the bed. i was the bed and the bed was me. i hated it. i felt like i was losing control. and then i'd close my eyes... and it literally felt like my body was being launched into space. i felt like i was on a roller coaster. the most terrifying one you can imagine. except this coaster goes on for hours. what i thought would be over in at least 4 hours, lasted like 8. i was convinced that this is a glimpse of what hell is like. i was apologizing to god profusely. it terrified me how disassociated i'd feel. like i would become my room. like i was one with the atmosphere of my room and that made me panic (rational fear of losing ones body because of bud) .and every time i'd panic, the song "things i imagined" by solange (listen to it, not the song you want looping on your head while having an insane trip), would just loop and sound slower and darker. i was scared that i'd stay like this forever. but i reminded myself, this too shall pass. sooner than later i'll be back to normal. idk if i got too high for my liking, but i absolutely hate how i felt last night. i didn't like any bit of it except for when i was coming down and i was on the phone with my friend having him calm me down (which was pretty funny cause he was high too). this was the same night that the time changed and skipped an hour ahead, so we both looked at the time shook asf cause we didn't realize we been on the phone for so long. it was in that moment where i felt relief. i thought to myself hmmm maybe it was all a dream! maybe i'm back to normal! then i realized i wasn't. boom panic attack. heart rate 130 bps. i wouldn't wish this experience on my worst enemy. weed is to be respected. moral of the story: research your weed before you use it and know your tolerance because apparently mine is 0. tl;dr: bought a cart that is 90% thc by the name of "purple punch", got way too high for my own good, thought i was going to die, thought i did die, and now i just want to curl up in a ball in cry... my high lasted 8 hours... and i still feel a slight buzz... it's been 24 hours.	4
16th birthday so today is officially my 16th birthday. for the past 4 years i've struggled badly with mental health and i'm honestly surprised i'm still here. thank you to everyone who's helped!	3
rip server the pc i was hosting my minecraft server on died. it just straight up died man. i managed to pull a power move and get all the server data intact on a usb so we got our save with 3 days of work on it. but now i got to refund the pc and get a new one. stupid refurbished potato	16
i'm female and i watch anime just waiting for the boys to fill up my dms now	0
someone posted me on another sub because i was acting cool tbh that's actually nice because it wasn't hard. the only thing i did differently was play music. well i hope people actually think i'm cool when they see me because i was just being myself	0
i'm giving a gold award away. read text ok, so. you had a rough week? maybe you posted a wholesome meme. let me know why you deserve gold, and i will give it to you. not joking, fully serious. i just don't like having an uneven number of coins	9
telling people my plans to ebay flip i made a mistake because i need money and am strapped for cash. i found a sound module on ebay for half the price it usually goes for so i bought it and am waiting to ship. and i don't know how or why i thought it was a good idea (probably because i'm autistic), but i ended up telling people in a discord group i was in that i was gonna ebay flip, and someone told me it was incredibly despicable and disgusting. i immediately felt bad, but i decided not to retaliate, so i just simply replied with " " and left. now i'm incredibly hurt and i hate both people and myself. how could i think this was a good idea. how could i think it was a good idea to tell people. why must i be like this. and why must everyone assume that my intentions are nefarious. i don't allow myself to feel hate or disdain directly towards the people who told me that's disgusting, and they're probably right and i'm in the wrong for trying to earn some extra money. i hate this world. i hate people. i hate myself. people are trash, nothing more, nothing less. including myself, for what i intended to do. and i'm someone who can't understand other people. **tl;dr:** mistakenly announced my plans to ebay flip, got called despicable and disgusting for it and now i'm hurt and hate everything.	7
thought-expression problem i am about to start my small creator career and already have a couple of movies, but i haven't post it yet. i want to make short movies about my life, about everything i like and so on. but idk where to find inspiration for my speeches , it's sometimes so hard to express what i think about and moreover, express it in an interesting way. i mean, how to choose the right words and phrases, how to practice in this? how to find metaphors, comparisons and what's more important, how to convey my feelings and thoughts in the right way? as you could notice , english is not my mother tongue, but i speak it, it is not translator) maybe someday i will start making movies in english, i hope so. i am really happy that i found reddit society and thanks everyone for any advice in advance .	3
y'all thinking about dumb shit like the meaning of life while i ask the important questions is taddy a girl or a boy	10
anyone got piano sheet music for ganja burn? i want to learn this on piano so bad	4
do you think i should get to know my local stations train conductor, seeing as i'll be taking the train there everyday for the next few months? just wondering he seemed like a nice guy	9
i just left my pubg whatsapp group got no one to talk to about this so i guess this could be an appropriate place? we were a full squad, and used to play on pc very often, then the mobile version came out and some friends who didn't have a pc joined the group. in less than a week the whole group stopped playing on pc and moved to mobile. i tried to like it but i just don't feel comfortable on it. so after months of denial and not playing a single game even by myself, i left the group. i loved all the games we played and it's sad that those times are gone. but there are some other things that have improved in my life since then and to be honest i wouldn't be able to keep with their amount of playing sessions	9
hey guys not to be racist or anything but i ate so much instant ramen i'm gonna definitely have diarrhea later	3
if you died right now, what did you miss out on doing that you've always wanted to do? ima make a quick list. feel free to comment on it if you want, but i'm more interested in yours :) - writing a book - losing my virginity - seeing the milky way free of light pollution somewhere up in the mountains - finishing my anime plan to watch list (pretty much impossible) - playing in a band with close friends. cheesy, i know - learning how to play that one song (chopin ballade no 1 in g minor, op 23) *perfectly* on piano. i'm about half way through learning the song - going skydiving - falling in love ... i could probably keep going, but ya... let's hear 'em!	9
isnt it incredibly frustrating when someone leads you on and then ghosts you for some unknown reason. i've been talking to this french guy and was supposed to meet up in another country that's not his nor mine, just so we could finally test the waters between us, but then, 3 weeks before the flight, he just suddenly becomes busy, and confused, and whatever. anyway, i'm flying solo. might as well enjoy a solo travel	9
the girl i have been seeing for the last few months got engaged yesterday. the title is pretty self explanatory. we have been hanging out almost daily and even spending the night with each other, but i found out this morning via facebook of all places that she is engaged to her ex boyfriend. have any of you experienced this before? i'm just kinda down and was hoping cc could cheer me up. edit: we met up and talked about it for the last 3-4 hours. we both cried about it all. i'd be lying if i said i still didn't care about her, but i told her that it's not fair to me, her, or fiance if we keep hooking up and hanging out like we were before. i don't know what the future will hold, but i will make another post soon i'm sure. all of you guys and girls' kind words helped me so much. this is my first cc post, but you people taught me that there are good people on the internet. thank you all. edit 2: she and i work together and made a promise not to let this interfere with our careers. that also means that i can't completely cut her off, as some of you suggested. she told me she loved me still and wants to be with me so it is definitely a mind fuck. but i'm in good spirits about it all and won't let this break me.	18
ok, this is epic the bois (and girls) are having a sleep over and my crush is hosting. i'm boutta bring my star wars d&d and gm a game.	0
guys sorting by new, the yahoo stock is kinda, lets say beautiful right now. type in yy into google to reveal the yahoo stock, it is a sex number .	0
my feet are so sore.. will they ever stop hurting? i started my first job in september and i'm liking it okay. i have social anxiety and the job has helped me deal with some of that. but damn it makes me feet sore. it's a small food shop so i'm always on my feet, usually cashiering. and my feet have still not gotten used to the work. my shifts are either 4 hours long or 8 hours long, and i get two days off a week, so you'd think my feet wouldn't be too sore. at least not compared to nursing or something of that intensity. i am heavy, so it makes sense. i am way too heavy and should lose about 130lbs to get back to a healthy weight. (i know, it's bad) so yeah, that's probably why they do hurt but they *really* hurt. my heels hurt and it sometimes makes my lower back hurt. it hurts so bad that i can barely walk after my 20 minute drive home. it's affecting how much i take out my dog and i hate that so much. i've cried a couple times having to make my way upstairs. i've tried massage, warm/hot water, two different gel insoles, and last night i tried ice water but it was so painful it made me cry and usually i have a high pain tolerance. i'm hoping i can try cold water (instead of ice water) tonight and then rest the next two days and then see how my new shoes feel on saturday.. i could also lose some weight and that would probably help for those who are on your feet at your job, how are you? did you ever get used to it? wanna recommend any nonslip shoes to me? hope you're having a great day!	11
tips: how do i best deal with my[f24] very emotional/impulsive boyfriend [m23]? we've been together for a year and i love with him all my heart. but there's a constant lack of stability because he's so impulsive and always acts on his emotions. he has a short temper and when it starts, he is almost 'blind' to everything around him. all logic goes out the window. having seen this various times throughout our relationship, i know (and he himself has said when 'lucid') that he says things he does not mean. of course, blind anger doesn't justify any behaviour. we are compatible in every other sense, world views and life goals etc. he has said he sees us getting married. even shared a dark past of depression and how i've given him 'purpose' and made him feel like life is worth living. but then it takes a moment of negativity (any kind of criticism--even constructive--, any kind of bad disagreement) for his temper to set off and for him to instigate 'breaking up.' to take it at face value - it seems to be that it's possible to assume he says things dependent on mood. he'll tell me i'm a terrible girlfriend and this that when he's angry, and i'm an angel and the best thing that's ever happened to him when he's happy. his impulsiveness stretches to other areas of his life -- with his friends and parents as well -- so it's clearly a deeply ingrained character flaw. but how can i feel stable in this way? how can i trust his words are what he means? i put a lot respect in words, especially from the people i care about. i believe they say what they mean. so every time he brings up breaking up (to him, sometimes just an extreme impulse that he later retracts), i take it as fact and it hurts me a lot. i would never bring that up if i didn't actually want that to happen. it feels like 'anything goes' when he's in a particular state of mind, and somehow i'm just supposed to differentiate between what is said in anger and what's actually real. i'm sorry if this is a bit incoherent. please ask questions below if clarification is needed. i really need some insight from those that have gone through similar. how can i help him or better manage these situations? tldr; how to best deal with a bf who acts on impulse (usually anger) and says things based on emotion and not logic? how to figure out what's 'real' if words can't be taken at face value?	2
holy shit... i just experienced one of the "hail mary" solutions only guys can really do (mostly)... long story short i drank a lot of coffee and water earlier and should have used the bathroom again as i was leaving a target that was about to close... i have to go so bad and i'm minutes away from driving behind some building and getting soaked while i relieve myself. in my car and realize not only is it pouring torrential rain outside, but basically everything around me is closed. suddenly i remember i might have put a big drink bottle under my car seat years ago... i've never been so happy to have a dick at this moment. seriously guys.. keep one of those wide mouth gatorade bottles in your car. when you need it as a last resort you'll be so happy.	19
during a very scary and nightmare of a bad bad domestic situation/divorce/emotional devastation....my kids and i came home to an envelope. inside were gift cards for dinner, an arcade, ice cream and the movies. i didn't know anyone in that town really. i found out the woman who did it was an elderly lady who was the grandma of my daughter's classmate. putting a smile on my kids' faces during such a dark time while being in a financial mess was the most unbelievable act of kindness. from a stranger. good people exist. we documented the date with pictures and colorings for her, little prizes from the arcade, and i will forever be grateful. i never ask for help or share my woes, and it was hard to accept...but i did. like a blubbering idiot. we took that experience to pay it forward during our hard time because no matter what, there are always people dealing with a situation worse than your own. we were poor but there were people who had less than us. kindness is truly contagious. kindness doesn't need to cost anything. thoughtfulness is free.	3
are you bored as hell? do you have nothing better to do? which is why you're on reddit? and why you're on this post? and why you're still reading this shitpost? and why you've read this far despite knowing the next line most likely wasn't gonna be as creative? **well since you've got absolutely nothing better to do, please do my english essay for me!!! im gonna fucking die**	4
afk fish farm running at home while i'm at school running a god rod. lure iii, luck of the sea iii, unbreaking iii, mending. ya boy is going to be rich. get on my level	0
what's your favorite video game romance? when it comes to the mass effect trilogy, i'm a full fledged liaramancer i'm about a quarter of the way through the vanilla game of the witcher 3 and i like triss more than yennefer so far	1
let's share things that we're working on right now, i'm working on a mass effect fanfic and my resume. right now, i'm content with where i'm working, but i wanted to see how far i've come professionally. i'm still in the early stages of my career, but (don't mean to toot my own horn) i have to say, resume is starting to sound good :) what are you lovely folks working on? writing wise, personally, professionally?	6
this month's neatured sub " r/thinking & threads. *neatured = neat + featured* ######[](/k) hey all, time for this month's neatured things! quick recap on "neatured". we flair certain threads with a "neat" flair. generally they are random threads we consider in the spirit of the sub or just darn neat. we think there are some neat subs out there too. lets check them out... --- #r/thinking >/r/thinking's for hilarious variants of the thinking emoji, ranging from gifs to hd versions to combinations with other emojis. we feature tons of oc and invite others to submit their own as well! we also encourage everyone to add their favorites to slack or discord channels, as they can really liven up a conversation :) *last month's featured sub was r/awwducational , you can view previously featured subs in our [[wiki]](/r/casualconversation/wiki/neatured)* --- ####threads from r/casualconversation top 3|user ---|--- [random conversation/role play](<url>) | u/iplaybongos [i was with a friend when he passed away on tuesday. last night i left his memorial service and found his first and last names on coke bottles next to each other at the store. let's talk about weird coincidences.](<url>) | u/shesgotsauce [english is not my first language and i just learned that porcupines and concubines are, in fact, not the same thing.](<url>) | u/sixstringedastronaut *check out some more neat flaired threads [[here]](<url>)* oh... the op for the neatured top 3 threads get a month of [reddit gold](/gold/about)! ######[](/k) [k](<url>), thanks and keep on making [neat things](<url>)!	10
they named a country france? kinda cringe tbf	5
almost six months ago, my beautiful wife bid farewell to this entire world and it's time to let it out. tl/dl lost wife almost 6 months ago. wanting to put her and my story out there. has been a hard week with the holidays and the nearing of her sixth month since departing so traumatically, i need to let more of this out. i had been out of town working for over a year, flying home on holidays every chance i got. christmas 2017, i could see things were worsening for her. there were empty liquor bottles displayed like trophies. it was both saddening and frustrating. she'd desperately wanted a new dog, to which i obliged. 2018 came and i went back to work 1,000 miles away. easter afforded me a trip home to see my wife and meet our new dog. after returning to work from easter break, i knew she'd gotten depressed and isolated, but i didn't know how deeply. her outgoing vivacious attitude and mesmerizing smile could fool most, even myself at times. the project i was on completed in the summertime and i returned home asap. once home, things were pretty amazing. i was able to share six beautiful and amazing days with the woman i'd given my heart to long ago. the 7th day came and from the time i woke up, something was seriously awry. she was angry, i'm unsure at what or whom, but seemed directed at me. usually i could talk her down, but not that day. she had left to stay with someone in her family, but returned home to further escalate the situation. i said i'd leave if that's what needed to be done, so i did. about a mile down the road, i got a rush of fear coming through my body. i turned around and drove as quickly as a i could back home. within moments of getting out of my vehicle, i heard the blast that would forever change my existence. i ran inside and administered pressure to the exit wound as i called emergency services. i feel like i had about 5 seconds that she could focus on what i was saying, then her eyes just went blank and hazed. i held pressure until the paramedics took over. my wife had a long history of traumatic experiences that hadn't exactly been helpful to her mental health. i kinda always had a sickening feeling that she'd end her life one day, just not as soon as it happened	14
not to brag or anything but... i have 4 followers on reddit	0
anyone down to play smash and talk? i've been in and out of a few online friend groups, feeling kinda lonely. anyone up for a few games and want to vc on discord? hit me up @ cardamon#5843	3
if someone sends you an unsolicited dick pic just say "it's so small..." that will make them regret it	18
don't be so hard on yourself! you are amazing and are worthy of being loved! dont let anyone tell you otherwise	3
what is the most efficient and easy way to sell nudes? asking for a friend lol. jk. so yeah, do any of you guys buy nudes or is there just to much free stuff to rly be interested? and if you do, where do you go about buying them?	6
there's only one thing i want to do, and that's... someone. (catch my drift)	2
is there something wrong with steam? im trying to make a new account and ive been trying to get through a captcha for like 30 minutes. am i just stupid or something? i got some other people to try and we can't get passed	1
need help repairing textbook! i'm in need of some book repair advice. i left my paperback history book in my car yesterday (no shade in texas... it was 95f) and my book is falling apart perfectly in half. i brought it inside and propped it up on its spine but i think the glue(?) was dried already. i bought some rubber cement and applied a thin layer (pictured). i squished the book between a huge toaster and a huge blender, while sitting on its spine. i let it sit overnight (at least 12 hours) and no luck. the glue didn't dry. does anyone have any better advice? i probably messed up somehow but don't judge. i'm a desperate 19 year old student just trying to read about the industrial revolution. [pictures of book](<url>)	1
dam that ass b shittin? on god	5
i prefer dogs over cats fight me	0
how i got shit all over myself this morning oh, hi. i have a story you're gonna love. it's about how i accidentally smeared shit all over myself this morning. i woke up super early with the urgent need to poop due to eating half a pizza and half a box of oreos last night. i sit on the toilet, and on the ground i see a tiny little bug, so i squish it with a kleenex. oddly enough there is no dead bug on the ground, and no dead bug on the kleenex. whatever! i proceed to have explosive diarrhea. fast forward to wiping time. as i go to wipe my ass, mid-wipe i look down.... there is the bug on my leg it stealth climbed up me and is now running around on me in a panic. in this moment, i instantly forget i am wiping explosive munchies poops off myself, and my hands start flailing to smack the bug off of me. with dirty toilet paper in hand. and that, people of reddit, is how i ended up with shit all over myself this morning. thanks for coming to my ted talk. tl;dr - bug scared me, poo everywhere.	12
me and my girlfriend made our first survival world on minecraft together found diamonds within 10 minutes. later virgins	0
what career are you guys interested in? i wanna be a nurse! let's have a conversation about college/university, trades, salary, and passion etc	0
it's normal for me [20m] to absolutely hate my mom [50f] and cant wait to move out so i can not be reminded of our destroyed relationship every single day, right? i can write a 10,000 word paper on my relationship with my mom and how much i sometimes (feels like everyday) hate her and want to get away from her. she conveys toxicity and negativity in almost every conversation i have with her. its really bad. she says extremely hurtful things and crazy shit. i try to control myself but sometimes when we argue the worse thing ill say is that she crazy and that she cant control her self. i strongly believe in any major relationship problem, both people are to be blamed. i dnt treat my mom like a loving son would and she knows that. however, i dnt feel guilty at all....i feel like my mother killed our relationship with her stubborness and how naive she is...and i just make it worse because i dnt treat her like a loving son would so it just goes on as a cycle... whats worse is that i know she has depression and also she would never want me to move out......but im going to and when i do i cannot wait to not have to deal with her. has anyone dealt with anything similar with their parents? tl;dr: my mom doesnt want me to move out and grow up, she is toxic, i dnt feel guilty for not loving her, she loves hates me at the same time.	2
voice breaks hit hard today... my google assistant doesn't recognize me anymore	2
procrastination sucks! i put a paper off way too hard, worked on it hard this week but it's due tomorrow and i probably won't get a very good grade. cheer me up or share anti-procrastination tips!! its a paper for an upper division political science course about the case that constitutionalized gay marriage. definitely should have put more work on it but i had other things to do and the paper was big and scary so i put it off. not a good idea! lmao. just got home after being at the college for 12 hours, as i have been every day this week.	12
it do be hard sometimes why oh why does every girl i talk to take fucking hours to respond bro. like some days it's good and it's quick back and forth and then some days it's like five messages a day cause they take hours on end to reply. and one girl, oh boy, we've been stuck in this cycle where we talk, it gets good and it peaks, then it starts to crumble, and then she stops talking to me, and then months later we start talking and it starts over again. now this new girl i'm talking to, i love talking with her, mostly because i kind of like her, but today was different. we barely texted and it's been five hours and she hasn't replied to me, sad boy hours am i right	14
who's tryna hop on cod mobile wit me i'm bored af	1
"lmao ew you drink milk" ok and? that's why you're 4'10	7
senior trip? i am a senior in high school, but i skipped my junior year so i am not graduating with my class. every year seniors have their own senior trip and i don't have the opportunity to have one of my own, which is what i was looking forward to all of hs. i can go but i am not really friends with the seniors so i will most likely end up being a loner the entire trip. my boyfriend is a senior and he hasn't even tried to ask me once to go to the trip and have fun, because he doesn't want to have the responsibility of being with me the entire time and missing out. this is bothering me for a few months now and it won't stop. i don't know if i should just screw it and go and risk being alone the entire time and everyone looking at me and thinking "she's not even a real senior what is she doing here" or if i should just stay home and watch everyone have an amazing trip and miss out on a experience that i would remember for the rest of my life and tell my kids about one day. what should i do?	2
y'all where's obama gone i haven't seen him today	5
bitch don't even talk to me unless you read poppy that mouse was so brave	16
my uncle is visiting me and my family for a week and he had to sleep in my room cause no other room is available. later virgins	0
i fell in love with a special ed jew. so, i met this man on tinder. initially he told me he's not looking for dating or relationships. right there and then, i should've been like okbye. well, because i'm someone whose very straightforward. seriously looking for a relationship, however i also desperately needed someone to talk to at that time, so i decided to let loose a bit and be like okay fine let's be friends (we were connecting really well) he's handsome, really freaking tall, literally the embodiment of what i consider my dream guy. his personality brings me life, seriously. we begin texting endlessly like 24/7 getting to know each other. we finally meet, and i swear i fell the moment i saw him. he's perfect to me, in every way possible. it's like a scene from one of those stupid dumb romantic movies, yeah. well anyway, i thought "oh, maybe we can be friends now, but who knows where that could lead to..." i'm delusional, okay. soooooo......later on as we're getting closer, he tells me that he's special ed, and has never been in a relationship before. also, he's jewish. h u g e emphasis on that. we come from very different religious backgrounds okay. i don't have a problem with any of that, but he seems to be the one that holds back 10000% right there and then, i'm like... okay. i need to stop talking to him. why though? just remain friends and chill out girl. the problem is....(one year later) and now i'm in love with him. do you know how much it hurts to be in love with someone that you know you'll never be with? i know for a fact, believe me. it's a new year. and i really think it's time that i move on and let this go. i am so exhausted and tired of playing this "cat and mouse" game, it'll never go anywhere. maybe i'm selfish that i want to be with him romantically. i don't know. i feel like it's time for me to get away from him, because the feelings are intense. i've never felt this way about someone before. the push and pull is so strong though. i feel like it's too hard for me to let go now, but it also hurts. all of this could've been avoided if i just made the smart choice to move on and seek what i was actually seeking in the first place. it sucks now, dating life sucks. every other man i met does not at all compare to him. i don't feel interested in any other normal guy. he's literally the only man i've been talking to for a year now.... i mean okay i talk to other guys every now and then but it ends quickly. wtf do i do? seriously need advice, because clearly i make allll the worst decisions.	4
how many followers do you all have? i myself have 15 that is it, just wondering how many followers people have here :)	0
cake dae so today as you can see is my cake day and its honestly sad that more people on the internet wished me a happy cake day today than people irl wish me a happy birthday	2
my in-laws are my biggest fans and it's so damn cute i have a very strong relationship with my own family so i didn't expect to "adopt" a new one. but i swear, my in-laws are the cutest people in the world. i love them so much. they accepted me immediately and i feel like their daughter no matter what. i have some projects that involve social media presence and they are my biggest fans (they even earned some badges proving that ). it's really cute. i am from a different country and often times post stuff in a language they don't understand. it doesn't matter to them. they share my stuff, comment on it, watch the streams and root for me in general. even if it's about games they don't understand at all. i feel just unconditional love from them. i feel so blessed. really.	1
i was called gifted as a kid now i'm failing i got good grades really easily and wasn't challenged enough now i have 0 work ethic and if i'm not good at something immediately i stop trying	0
i had sex tonight for the first time in three years! i had casual sex tonight with a friend of mine i have known for eight years. it was very spontaneous and neither of us were expecting it. one minute we are watching deadpool, and i just decided to go for it! i never do this. i have had guys try to sleep with me but i always shut it down. one of the last times i got intimate with someone, i felt it was forced. i didn't want it but i also didn't see any other way out because of the circumstances. after that, any time i tried, i would have flashbacks to the night with my boss so i stopped having sexual relations altogether. occasionally i will be in the mood for sex but i'm not one to use tinder or anything like that. that mood passes after a day or two and then i have no desire for sex. but tonight! i did! with someone i have known a long time and i trust and it was really great! i didn't have any flashbacks and was very in the moment and present. it felt amazing and i think i needed it. just wanted to share	6
who plays apex here lets play together sometime i dont have friends	14
no more parties in la please baby come back home.	2
i want friendssss hi! i wanna make some friends on here. but all i get are horny boys lol. i'd love to be your friend! if it matters, i'm a 15 year old female. i love anime! ty for reading	3
anyone bored wanna chat? i've got nothing to do lol... i'd even tall about my height	1
cake day i don't really post places much or comment, so i just wanted to have a small party here for myself. kinda sad to be honest, but some neat stuff happened. we got the r/thanosdidnothingwrong badges for the snappening, i started a new job, and i ate a pretty cool sandwich. so come on down to the comments and tell me what you're happy about today, friend.	18
17f someone be my friend who knows i might just fall in love with u	5
video games are for kids only. stop playing them if you're older you look like a kid	11
my first breakup [27m]. she [24f] said she would still like to be friends and hangout long story short i was a late bloomer and haven't had a single real relationship up until recently which lasted all of about 3 months. granted i've had fwb situations and casual stuff in the past but this was the first time i have ever felt something real. we had so much chemistry and commonality that it was kinda too good to be true at times. we had sex often, went out together, introduced each other to our friends and family etc. however in the last two weeks of being together out of nowhere we decide to meet and she breaks up with me explaining that she just isn't ready for a real relationship at this time and there is too much going on in her life. she did tell me about some crazy stuff she's gone through in her life and i always wanted to be here for her but i guess it just wasn't fair to me. she had been treated poorly in past relationships and i guess she just didn't know what to do with a genuinely nice guy who cared for her so much. i treated her like a queen sending her flowers, getting thoughtful gifts, helped her through stressful times and more and never once did we argue. this woman checked off everything on my list of what i could ever want in a life with someone and she agreed. we moved really fast and constantly discussed kids, marriage, moving in together and yeah we both agreed that may of been a mistake but at the time we were just so into each other. getting to the point after the breakup we mutually agreed we still wanted to be friends and hangout but what makes me skeptical is i've been told that in the past with previous fwbs and always ended up being burned. do you think she means it or just didn't want to hurt my feelings? we still have each other's numbers and snaps. (apparently shes always blocked and deleted previous boyfriends stuff). she also mentioned potentially getting back together in the future if the time was right. i wouldn't mind it at all since i still love this woman to death but i'm not going to wait for her either. i wasted so much time that it's kinda late to be playing the numbers game. i don't want to be that old dad with kids in high school in my 60's **tldr** my first breakup and not sure if staying friends is a good idea or not.	14
should i give up on stephen king? okay, i don't want to offend any of y'all stephen kung fane out there. i genuinely want a book suggestion. i heard of his name a lot in the horror genre and i decided to try him out. i picked up it as my first book as i myself was terrified of clowns as a child. . . . . it was more disappointing than anything i've ever tried and i couldn't get all this hype about it. i literally forced myself to go through that behemoth. i was really bored by all the foreshadowing of pennywise and omg i can't stress this enough, the ending was an extreme let down. should i give up on steph.? is this all he has to offer? are there any better books by him? ples no bullie	13
anyone else ever lied to impress? so, a friend of mine was pestering me about how i only eat 'bland' foods. to make a point i of course naturally (and stupidly) disagreed, saying that i'm a wonderful cook. i'm not. i do eat bland foods. i'm picky and apparently not that bright for suggesting that i'm not just 'good' at cooking. but instead great at it. anyone else ever done this? (or have an idea of something i can make to bring my friend to 'prove' i'm great at cooking )	9
ahh the lava disney music video made me cry i've seen it so many times and this time it made me cry	2
merry christmas ya filthy animals... 🏻	18
my first concert this is my first concert. currently in laredo, texas if you want to join. the band is bush. unfortunately i'm all alone, but maybe i'll meet someone. wish me luck. just wanted to throw that out there.	8
ask a trans girl about trans stuff #44 hi there! i know a lot of you know what this is by now now, but for those of you who don't i'll explain it very quickly. on my time on this sub, i've noticed that a lot of people don't know much about trans people. so we often get a lot of hate, since most people don't know a thing about us. that, or they have a lot of misconceptions that put us in a negative light. so, i'm making this thread as a place for you to ask any questions you may have about trans ppl, trans culture, and other trans topics, and i, being a trans girl, will answer answer them to the best of my ability. if ur curious, i'm also open to talking about my own experiences being trans. idc if you think it's inappropriate or too personal, if you have a question, feel free to ask! that being said there are some questions i'm not too comfortable with, but don't beat yourself up over it if i say i don't want to answer. but if you don't feel comfortable talking in a public thread, my dm's are always open if you want to have a private conversation. also, if you have more than one question, just put them in the same comment and i'll answer all of them in my response. but i'd appreciate it if we kept the questions about trans stuff, please (i sometimes make this about other stuff, but save off-topic questions for those threads please). that wasn't exactly a quick explanation, but it works ig	9
not to flex on y'all or anything but i'm straight	0
so like wtf do i do this is like the 2nd time its happened, a girl adds me on snap, we talk, she's cute n stuff so we keep talking and then i find out she's 15, (i'm 19) nothing ever happens but why the fuck is it always younger people sliding into my dms. (i'm really not attractive so it dosnt happen) but why can't someone my age fucking like me? why's it always gotta be minors smh	16
i did 2 things! the easiest ones but still well i did 1 and half of one and then i gave up cuz it's not that important now notes for 5 hours	2
i'm finally ready to admit this i have never laughed at a tiktok	2
how do u get a gf? i'm having trouble maybe you can help me aha i am going to cry	5
just joined the discord hmu	0
i am like infrared light everybody uses me, but nobody sees me.	14
i'm dead inside and bout to be outside as well	0
sending rays of love to all in need ((( )))	3
what the fuck is up with george kollias? holy shit. he's a fucking mg42. i'm totally adding him as my 3rd favorite drummer. i used to think scott travis (number one) and joey jordison (number two) were as quick as they got, not anymore .	1
experte from my google meet context: we were talking about what we would do if a friend was cheating (names changed) **margaret** **shara \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:30 am i would tell so they can actually learn stuff and pass the class **you** 8:30 am no **dave \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:30 am that smart **you** 8:30 am you stupid **dave \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:30 am who me? **shara \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:30 am excuse me? **you** 8:30 am not\* **luke \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:30 am oof **corey \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:31 am **luke \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:31 am thats rough **corey \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:31 am but i dont disagree @ dave **dave \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:31 am thanks :) **juli \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:31 am thats smart **shara \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:31 am u/issac who did you call stupid? *(note: dumbass misspelled my name)* **you** 8:31 am my self **juli\_ student - genericschoolms** 8:31 am thats very smart **you** 8:31 am please im back peddiling here **luke \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:32 am karmaaaaaaaaaaaaa **you** 8:32 am no u **charlie holovach \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:32 am ! **shara \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:32 am \*sighs at all of the random stuff in the chat\* **you** 8:33 am no u **brayer (in voice)** 8:33 \*something i don't quite remember\* **duke \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:33 am same u/bryar **charlie \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:33 am unless they are sherlock they would know **luke \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:34 am ! **kata \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:34 am none of my best friends would do that anyway so.... **shara \_ student - genericschoolms** 8:35 am i haven't actually ever seen anyone cheat on a test, just battleship during recess \~end of transcript\~	5
you are cool here we are	0
somebody please like me lmao im gonna die alone like a nerd	0
(skip to end if you want to hear idea) a bit of a rant about karma and my idea for fixing it to me upvotes are relatively meaningless, this isn't even my main account but i mostly lurk on my main account or look at memes. on this account i just follow subs like r/teenagers, r/crushes, r/socialskills, stuff of that sort, and i try to both give and receive advice. it's for me trying to be wholesome and helpful, and to try to improve myself at the same time. most of my comments are either trying to help people get out of tough situations or encouraging them to go try something they're thinking about doing; in short, i'm using my experience to help others (and also using this to ask for advice sometimes). however as you can imagine, most posts that blow up in this sub are memes, so this is one of the few subs that i generally sort by new on, in order to find posts where i can be helpful. that results in me not really getting much karma from most of my posts or comments, which i'm fine with--my goal is to help people, not to become an internet sensation or something. so you may ask how exactly i ended up with over 13,000 karma then, and the truth is that it's from the occasional random post or stupid comment that somehow blows up. around 8-9k of my karma is from a comment on an askreddit thread, talking about the situation on our very own r/teenagers where a kid faked cancer and got all sorts of awards including almost 100 platinums. it was the day after that had happened, so it was somewhat of a hot topic, and that's how the comment ended up with over 30,000 upvotes. i got around 1,000 karma from my post talking about my confession to my crush, which i'm totally fine with--most of the posts/comments on my account are related to social/crush stuff and at the time i was so excited i just posted about it, all freaked out and everything, and it actually became popular (and got gold somehow). yesterday, on "that one story" on r/tifu (i'm not saying what post because it's kinda disturbing but you can figure it out) i commented linking a sub known for housing the most odd and repulsive posts and stories on reddit (once again, will not link due to lots of disturbing content but you can figure it out), and i got close to 1,000 karma from that as well. i guess my other 2-3k is just assorted from my other posts and comments, but this goes to show that the posts/comments that matter are not always the ones that become popular. obviously, everyone has a different definition of "what matters," but i personally think that most of my work on this account is good and it helps a lot of people, despite the lack of upvotes. this is why i propose that we isolate the memes from more serious content. obviously, we have post flairs and whatnot here on r/teenagers, but i still think it could be worthwhile to create a sub named something such as r/teenagerssocial, r/teenagersadvice, or something of that sort, in which we can move towards a better community of helping each other. not that this isn't a good sub, but i feel like a more specialized and less broad subreddit could make it possible for more people to get the advice, encouragement, or reassurement they need. thanks for coming to my ted talk	0
i wonder what will happen if! i have always tried to wonder what will happen if one day celebrities wake up only to realise there has been a reverse in position with their fans now turned celebrities while they assume our position of as fans. let me hear ur funny u think... this is just for laughs.	1
someone stop me from adopting a dog today guys, someone stop me from adopting a dog today! i know i'm not financially super able to afford one, but the local spca has four lab puppies and i'm so tempted. for context, i'm a teacher, and i live alone. i already have a dog, a 12 yo yorkie who is chill as shit. i'm starting to rationalize getting a puppy because i start christmas break next week and will have a lot of time to get him used to a routine before school starts back up again. but my biggest concern is paying for initial puppy shots and then not being able to take him out as much while i'm at work come january. i know if i had a few extra hundred in my bank account, i would make this choice in a heartbeat, but i'm just so sad thinking that financial reasons are the biggest reason i won't be helping a puppy in need. i'm not broke, but i am on a teacher's salary. the monthly kind of stuff won't be a big deal (food, flea and tick, etc) but i'm concerned about the first year vet visits. someone convince me this is a bad idea, because i want to just do it anyways.	4
goooodnight my throat hurts like a bitch and i gotta be up early tomorrow anyway goodnight new ily all :)	12
i'm really girl crazy all of the sudden my girlfriend is way out of my league in every aspect and she's my first girl. i went over to her house tonight and she was the best literally and god she just turns me on. like i know everyone goes through this but how do you even think about non girl things in this mood . pretty much my first time kissing and cuddling tonight and jesus it's too much she knows exactly what to say and how to act	1
big butts on boys are underrated filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	5
does somebody knows if this year there's a full month no-fap challenge? like the other years there was no fap september, no nut november... does somebody knows how it works this year? i've never been into this challenges but i'd like to give it a try this 2020	0
who wants to be my buddy idk this is half joke but also not really bc i only talk to like the same two people everyday lmao anyways someone talk to me about minecraft, studio ghibli movies, music or frogs please i beg (its also 5:30am so dont be surprised if i disappear) literally just ask me about my frog plushies and ill fall in love	15
cringe culture is dead if someone enjoys tik tok let them. if someone is a furry let them be one. if someone wants to use the emoji let them. if someone is a fortnite fan let them be one. if someone wants to wear the maid outfit let them. i don't see the point in making people feel bad for their interests just because you personally feel like it's annoying or weird. if it isn't hurting anyone leave people alone. something that is cringy tho, is feeling superior because you don't like a certain thing. what authority do you have over other people to where they can't like what they want to? if it upsets you that much just ignore it. not that hard at all. and that way, everyone is happy.	13
none of my friends or cousins answer my calls anymore filler	2
i am dating a guy who has a female best friend so i have been dating the guy for 8 months. we are now on a trip together. it's not easy actually. we met on tinder and we live in different cities so it's long distance for a long time from the beginning. i can tell we love each other a lot but we still have an issue which is so hard to be got rid of my mind. he has a best friend who is actually his ex in an open relationship for 2 years. he didn't tell me about this when we started dating. i had bad experience about dating someone who was not over his ex so i was so frustrated in the beginning. but i just like him a lot so i tried to accept the truth. i do feel uncomfortable that they are still so close to each other. they work together and they chat everyday about every details in life. it seems so strange and bad to me. i hang out with the girl and we had some conversations. i don't know if i am wrong but i feel like she still likes him a lot ,and because of her failures on dating she relies on him too much. and just two days ago i found them still text i miss you to each other which made me so mad till now. i really hate it. i understand their situation but i do hate it. and the truth is, when the girl met the guy, he was in a relationship with his ex. and now she is dating another guy who is in a relationship. so i really don't trust her. i feel she is not that good. but as a friend, the guy always find excuses for what she did. and i am so scared even if the guy said he is committed to me. i always think she wants to win him back in a sneaky way. i don't know what to do. i have been trying so hard to get rid of it and thinking about how much i love this guy but i just feel i am mentally sick to their so-called friendship. but i do love this guy a lot.	2
why did someone say they were concerned about me i got the reddit thing saying someone reached out about me. yall good?	19
so y'all know about the "licking the ice cream top" thing.. if i purchase some ice cream that had been licked by a girl techincally our tongues touched and that means i kissed a girl later virgins	0
i have so many cute videos i wanna send to my shawty my shawty dont exist tho	2
yo guys my sternocleidomastoids hurt so bad can't tell if it's from when i hit my head orrr	15
can it get any worse? just got my blood results back and it turns out my iga count (an antibody that plays a crucial role in the immune function of mucous membranes. {google}) in my immune system is not detectable. also my igg count (is found in all body fluids and protects against bacterial and viral infections. {google}) in my immune system is low. so now i have to go get revaccinated for a bacteria in hope that my body responds well. so my iga is low and my igg is not strong enough to make up for it so my immune system is like very weak. what we hope for now is that my immune system doesn't give out and basically stop working. if this doesn't go well it may kill my chances of becoming a nurse. all i can hope for is that my body responds to most vaccines. might as well just become antivaxx	18
using a dying acronym describing my weekend when my wife has to go watch her grandma die irl this just happen five minutes ago so i have a very silent wife next to me. anyway, my wife's grandma got sick all of a sudden and won't make it through the weekend. hospice is already there and it's only a matter of time and as you can imagine it's very hard on the family. we bought her a plane ticket and she is flying out early tomorrow to be gone thursday-sunday. i'm taking off work the next couple days and will be responsible for our four kids; school drop/pick up, activities, birthday party on saturday and of course the worst is bed time and middle of the night wake ups with all kids being under 8. so she just finished packing and i mentioned i should go to bed since it was going to be a long weekend with all four kids. then for some reason i can't fathom i chose the words... "rip to me the next four days" this comes directly from banter with some of my friends when something bad happens to one of us but i don't think i have ever used it with my wife so she has no context. instead she is about to fly out and say goodbye to her dying grandma, a true rip situation and i'm bemoaning watching my own kids. tl;dr - i used the word "rip to me" because i have to watch my kids when my wife was about to go watch her grandma die irl	7
my (23f) girlfriend (24f), k, is sleeping with other women; i don't know how to ask her to stop, or even if i should. we have been together for over a year now and are very much in love and committed-- lately we've even touched on the subject of marriage, and i know that's where each of us wants this relationship to go. both of us are used to being non-monogamous (dating multiple people at once, sleeping with people other than the one(s) we're dating, etc.). we were both dating other women when we started seeing each other, but due to a few breakups and discussions about commitment we are only seeing each other now. really, though, throughout our relationship, i haven't been interested in anyone other than k and have even started feeling jealous irt her other flings. i've chalked this up to my feelings for her being much more intense and compromising than my feelings for past partners have been, and have pretty much forgotten my non-monogamous urges despite the surprise involved in losing them. meanwhile, k is active on hookup sites, and i've used them only idly since we've been together, declining to sleep with anyone. she is also the type to get crushes on friends and strangers easily, and she regularly flirts with these crushes and asks them out. when she meets/has sex with a new girl, i feel really anxious and insecure that she's moving on, forgetting me, or not serious about our relationship. i'm also worried about k meeting someone she likes enough to start dating-- i enjoy being her only committed partner, and have struggled in the past when she is dating someone else. she's very happy pursuing other people casually and open to any of these becoming serious, and i know she doesn't have any intention of hurting me. it's just something she needs. i don't want to prevent k from having her needs met, and i really want her to have everything she wants, but this hurts a lot for me. how can i ask her to give this up when it makes her happy? should/can i change my thinking somehow instead? tl/dr: committed relationship started out non-monogamous, but i've lost the desire to see other women while k hasn't. this makes me feel jealous and scared. is it too selfish to ask her to be exclusive when she's happy with other flames? thanks so much, reddit	8
i help friends and sometimes their of friends who are looking for jobs with revising their cvs and when i have extra time, i look for suitable jobs in linkedin and i pass the information to them so they can apply.. in my line of work, i often get asked if our company is hiring. usually i invite these people to send me their cv so i can submit to our hr. whenever i see that their cv is not impressive or in wrong format, wrong typos, etc i immediately feel this need to revise it so they can have a better chance of getting hired. i used to work in hr before and did interviews so i know what a good cv should look like in order to be noticed. i don't have to do this but i still do it anyway. i then message back the sender to say i revised and hoped they don't mind. they end up using the updated cv and some got back to me when they get hired. also, when i'm free i browse local job sites, linkedin for suitable jobs and tell friends/friends of friends about a certain hiring company. they say its unexpected that i remember they are looking for jobs but they're very thankful. it makes me feel happy to help them in my own little way so i don't see myself stopping anytime soon..	8
locked myself out of the apartment tifu by knowingly locking myself out of the apartment without realizing i didn't have the key.	9
animal crossing i got the game last night and i was wondering if i could join someone's island lol or you could join mine i'm not really sure how it works pm me	6
tifu by helping my dad with his boat my boyfriend and i are in okoboji, one of iowa's great lakes, visiting my dad and helping him get stuff ready for the summer. we have a dock on the canal with a boat hoist. usually all summer we keep the boat out but the rest of the year it's inside my dads garage. so we take the boat down to the lake, put in the water, and drive it the dock. the hoist stays in year around - the part out of the water that "houses" the boat is a metal frame with poles going across the top. a canvas cover goes on top of that. we only put the canvas cover out in the summer. putting the cover on is pretty easy - the hard part is securing it. there are holes in the top of the metal bars across the top that line up with holes in the cover along the bottom. you secure it with a metal spring with two hooks on either end - one end goes into the pole, the other in the tarp. the metal part extends over the edges of the boat so you have to lean over the side of the boat to put in the springs. i'm on the dock side of the boat trying to secure it. you really have to pull down hard on the spring to get it to reach the hole in the cover. i was really struggling with it and it slipped out of my hand and i almost went overboard. no big, i'll keep trying. i put all my weight into pulling the spring. next thing i know i'm losing my balance and fall out of the boat. i faceplant the dock with my legs still in the air before sliding into the canal. i hit my head so hard i saw stars. luckily my boyfriend was close enough to pull me out - not that it's super deep but i was a little delirious. my lens fell out of my glasses from smacking my head on the dock, i have a minor black eye, a goose egg next to my eye, and a nice red scrape about the size of a pack of smokes. my shoulder is also all scrapped up, as is part of my arm. the worst is my bum - it scraped the boat and the dock on my way down - i've got a nice patch of "road rash" and a fist sized bruise. the worst part? my grandpa's funeral is thursday (today is sunday). i'm singing and giving the eulogy and i look like i got in a bar fight. yaaaay. tl/dr: helped my dad and banged my face up just in time for my grandpa's funeral	11
reddits so quiet nowadays back in march when i knew all the commoners>>>>> ill prolly delete reddit soon and come back whenever this sub isnt so lacking	2
niggas out here really getting rejected for being ugly i'm niggas	1
just blasting west savannah on repeat just one of those nights , iykyk	2
you can do slanted emojis and i dont like it * *	10
its my big deliciosa day irl today and i turned 17 ! see ya later 16 nerds	0
getting caught by campus security so i normally leave my day parking pass when i leave campus for the next person that might need it. i do this because parking can be stressful af and i wanted to brighten someone's day up. i either give it to someone as i leave or leave it on top of the ticket machine. it's worth mentioning that my uni has over 35,000 students and no where near enough parking spots. and they continue to sell parking permits for the semester even after all the spots are paid for 2x over. so today i'm walking to my car and notice a student waiting to buy a ticket. i let them know i'm leaving and that they can have my parking pass. so i'm in my car about to hand over my ticket and as i reach the student, campus security happen to drive by. i didn't think nothing of it and handed the guy my pass. campus security stops, backs up and asked me if i was selling the pass to the guy i of course say no. the guy tried to explain and get this, campus security takes down my license plate and tells me that i'm technically stealing profit from the school and that if i do it again, they will fine me. what the absolute fuck. am i in the wrong? tldr: i give away my daily parking pass to whoever needs it and got in trouble by campus security because they think i'm stealing profits from the school.	11
i'm [22/m] in the er getting a brain scan, and my girlfriend [23] won't come be with me because she's scared of hospitals i've been having headaches recently and lose my balance a lot. this morning i had a nose bleed and it was really bad and scared the hell out of me. my dad was home and he never wants to go to the doctors/er but even he said we needed to go to the er. now i'm here and the doctor ordered a ct brain scan and i'm not sure what's wrong. i'm usually okay with medical stuff but this is really scary and i texted my girlfriend who's off today if she'd come be with me and i really just wanted to see her. she said that hospitals scare her and she'd "be anxious and pass out" so she won't come see me. we ended up fighting and she called me selfish because i didn't think that was a good excuse. i feel like complete shit right now all i wanted was to see her and she not only said no but got mad at me tl:dr; i'm in the er getting a brain scan, my girlfriend said she's scared of hospitals and won't come and called me selfish for not understanding	2
my mom me and my mom have a weird relationship. she's been unstable for as long as i can remember and caused me constant pain throughout my childhood. she was an alcoholic and a single mother. brought strangers into the house, experimented with drugs and left me alone to go out and party. i saw her blacked out drunk to many times to remember, even roofied, and watched her threaten to kill herself in front of me at least 5 times. but one thing i did that never makes sense to me to this day, is that i covered for her. i covered for her 24/7. i lied to people i loved so she wouldn't get in trouble and didn't cause riffs in the family. i was a people pleaser and didn't want people to be upset because of my expense. so i thought if i hurt alone and lied it would be best for everyone in this situation. and above all, i loved her. i loved her so much, even tho i hated her more than i could hate anyone. i know that makes no sense, but when she caused me pain, i hated her with my whole soul.... but at the end of the day i love her. i still wish that i would have stood up for myself and the abuse a lot sooner. it would have stopped so much faster. i am now grown and moved out and our relationship is still estranged because of what has happened, but i no longer have to live in an unstable home and it's refreshing. i feel so happy. so if you went through something similar you are not alone and you deserve better. (this is something i've been wanting to get off my chest for awhile. i know my writing isn't the best and it's a little scattered!)	3
helping my dad put the cover on our boat hoist my boyfriend and i are in okoboji, one of iowa's great lakes, visiting my dad and helping him get stuff ready for the summer. we have a dock on the canal with a boat hoist. usually all summer we keep the boat out but the rest of the year it's inside my dads garage. so we take the boat down to the lake, put in the water, and drive it the dock. the hoist stays in year around - the part out of the water that "houses" the boat is a metal frame with poles going across the top. a canvas cover goes on top of that. we only put the canvas cover out in the summer. putting the cover on is pretty easy - the hard part is securing it. there are holes in the top of the metal bars across the top that line up with holes in the cover along the bottom. you secure it with a metal spring with two hooks on either end - one end goes into the pole, the other in the tarp. the metal part extends over the edges of the boat so you have to lean over the side of the boat to put in the springs. i'm on the dock side of the boat trying to secure it. you really have to pull down hard on the spring to get it to reach the hole in the cover. i was really struggling with it and it slipped out of my hand and i almost went overboard. no big, i'll keep trying. i put all my weight into pulling the spring. next thing i know i'm losing my balance and fall out of the boat. i faceplant the dock with my legs still in the air before sliding into the canal. i hit my head so hard i saw stars. luckily my boyfriend was close enough to pull me out - not that it's super deep but i was a little delirious. my lens fell out of my glasses from smacking my head on the dock, i have a minor black eye, a goose egg next to my eye, and a nice red scrape about the size of a pack of smokes. my shoulder is also all scrapped up, as is part of my arm. the worst is my bum - it scraped the boat and the dock on my way down - i've got a nice patch of "road rash" and a fist sized bruise. the worst part? my grandpa's funeral is thursday (today is sunday). i'm singing and giving the eulogy and i look like i got in a bar fight. yaaaay.	11
i just watched disney's coco, and it touched me more than i can describe. i'm usually a very emotional person, and i absolutely love music, and at the moment i'm trying to introduce my one year old son to different cultures and their music, and coco seemed perfect for the moment. i got really into that movie, i was able to really relate to it ( i currently losing my grandfather to advanced stage dementia, i lost my grandmother to it too) my grandfather was from guadalupe mexico, and loved to sing, i think i'll take my son to visit him tomorrow ( maybe i could sing remember me), i really don't want to lose him, but in a way this movie really helped me cope with the idea of losing a loved one i recommend it if you haven't seen it! it'll make you appreciate your family! anyways, that's all, just thought i'd share since i had such an intense emotional reaction to it .	3
best coming out experience (i was so relieved) recently i told my (i'm in hs) teacher that i was pan and, unlike the normal responses ("how do you know?", "are you sure?", and of course the *"it's just a phase"*), she said something along the lines of "i'm so glad that you're able to identify that and articulate it." that was so relieving, because in that moment i was ***having a panic attack***. i still can't believe how nice she was i me... what are you thoughts? how would you've responded? have you had any similar experiences? i'm curious.	6
i fell for a girl who is obsessed with eboys, how do i undo my feelings for her pls i'm stuck in this cycle of her how do i escape and finally stop worrying all the time ,,,,, i'm literally in so much pain all day everyday	18
question about the big lebowski does anyone know if jeff bridges really grew his hair out for the role? this is my desert island movie, and recently this thought crossed my mind. that length takes a long time! hit me with your insight!! thanks in advance, dudes	0
girls! one at a time. slow down man! all i said was that i have roblox bedsheets >!^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler ^filler!<	15
i wish i could go back to school i just really want to see my friends again and play tennis this year is so shit	4
while my tumor got taken out i played mahjong and listened to music if that ain't an epic gamer moment i dont know what is	0
i'm cool i hontly think i'm pretty cool. i dont know anyone that is cooler than me	0
git-commit-die is there a rule about using the correct flairs on your posts?	17
adopting our two dogs was the best thing we ever did as a family. share your story too! we have been the proud friends of the two greatest little fellows anyone could ask for, for about four months now. our family had been waiting for about eight or nine months for the right candidates to come up on our local rescue shelter's site. and one day they did. a six year old blonde lhasa apso, matted, with and adorable underbite and big bright eyes, and a beautiful, slightly nervous looking yorkshire terrier, only two years old. they'd been together since the yorkshire terrier had been a puppy, and were really strongly bonded. their owner (a lovely woman in her late 50s) had ended her marriage to her abusive husband, and left. he used to yell at the yorkshire terrier, or pick him up and toss him - just generally terrify him. as a result of this treatment, the yorkie was wary of men, the shelter said. (luckily when my husband met him, he jumped into his lap for pats - my husband has a pretty calm benevolent energy about him. we guessed that he had picked that up, and were relieved he was relaxed.) we met them twice before finalising the arrangements, more for them than us. we were absolutely besotted with them. it's impossible to describe how you feel about your dog, and why, to the casual observer. you can describe the traits that you adore, but it doesn't evoke the depth and intensity of that love. they'd been at the shelter for two months by the time we went to meet them. people who viewed them kept asking if they could be separated, despite seeing how they walked shoulder to shoulder everywhere, how they reassured each other with licks to each other's faces, how they curled together in the corner of their kennel. in fact, when their owner had initially left her home, she had rehomed them with friends of hers, having no choice but to separate them. they both went on hunger strikes, and pined for each other. she tried taking them back to her new flat, but because she had to go back to work, they cried all day. the new neighbours complained and threatened her with the dog wardens so she very reluctantly surrendered them to the shelter. all this preamble is really just to say i can't imagine life without these guys now, and neither can the rest of the family. their early morning snuggles. the click-click-click of their feet. their humour, their idiosyncrasies, their curiosity, their trust. the soft spots behind their ears. the generous application of licks. their owner did an amazing job of socialising them and they are so good. they are good boys. sometimes, when we are out walking them, people will compliment them and/or ask us where we got them. a lot of the time, there is real surprise on the part of the questioner. they say things like, "really, a shelter? but they're so nice!" sometimes they say "oh i don't know if i would do that, you don't know the dog's history, but these two are lovely!" i hadn't realised there was a prejudice about shelter dogs, but it seems that there are quite a few negative preconceived notions about them. we'd always adopted dogs when i was a kid, and those guys were my best friends as a kid. i usually respond to these types of responses with something like "well, dogs are in shelters for all sorts of reasons. you should consider adopting if you're ever looking for a dog because there are so many lovely dogs just looking for a home." i'm so glad that we were able to give our two dogs a home. i'm writing this as one of them is flopped on his side by my feet snoring, and the other is taking advantage of the empty cat bed to nap. what's your story of dog adoption, and have you ever experienced disbelief that "such a good dog could be in a shelter"? thanks for reading	6
why do people always look at me weird when i am yo-yoing in public like seriously, im sorry you aren't built different lmaooooo	10
those about to go to college, it's ok to pick a trade if you don't think it's for you! if you know you do not like the traditional aspect of school and would prefer something more hands on. please look into picking a trade or starting a business. you can make the same or if not more than someone with a degree and you can always go back to school and get a degree once you have your trade and get more benefits (scholarships, grants, ect.). do not waste your time and money on something you do not think is for you. trade schools are not for dumb people. piloting is a trade, paramedic is a trade, welding is a trade. some important and some well paying jobs are there for those who would do best hands on. save yourself now! watched first hand how much it breaks someone's spirit and bank, love yourself and don't be afraid!	3
my friend mevlan is going to commit a war crime now this is epic	0
i think i made it ! so i have been posting my pictures to my facebook profile for a while now. and for the first time someone asked me in the comments of the picture if i made it myself ! i am kind of proud of that :) so today was a good day for my photography hobby.	8
i'm about to ask my ex to come over to my place this weekend... i know i shouldn't but i'm struggling and i know we both still care about way other. we broke up because of commitment: i gave an ultimatum and he's not ready. i have been numb and depressed and having issues in my life that are made harder not having him. i'm used to being alone and don't mind not being in a relationship, but i'm lonely and the thought of actually getting over him is too much. i can't even imagine being with anyone else and i feel like i have no control. i've already typed out this text i want to send and just planning to send it tomorrow is making me feel better and more calm. i don't know if i'm asking for advice or venting or want to have my mind changed, but i appreciate any comments, even the ones telling me how stupid this is	4
i was going through my old recordings on my phone from a couple years ago i made an asmr reading of the "i wanna fuck johnny joestar" copypasta why did i do this	2
how to respond to people spreading crap about you? just after some quick advice regarding how to respond in general to backbiting/slander that you hear about yourself. there have been just a couple of occasions throughout the past few years where people have misunderstood something i said/did and shared their wrong impression of me to others. also times when people have assumed things and shared them. and also times when people have made up outright lies and shared them. resulting in other people turning away from me and/or continuing to spread the backbiting and slander. if i defend myself it makes me look guilty. if i don't defend myself it makes me look guilty. if i tell them politely that i'm upset about what they've done to me, i get ignored or threatened. if i confront someone politely about their behaviour by telling them what they've done to me and that i forgive them and that i want to know why it's happened, i get gaslighted or called a liar, and told it's all my fault and that they're innocent. they don't allow me to defend myself, as if they're superior to me and know me better than i know myself, as if i don't have rights and they're in charge of what is said about me no matter what damage is done. as if they're committed to misunderstanding me, either out of refusal to be proven wrong or because they believe the wrong ideas with a passion or perhaps there's another motive. but it's all very strange. it's literally a never ending saga where no matter how kind i am to people and help them, people take my quietness and kindness for weakness and think they can do whatever they like to me. if i react i cop it harder. if i don't react they think they're in the right and i still cop it harder. what exasperates the issue further is that severe social anxiety is the reason for my quietness however it's extreme quietness that some people find offputting and weird. so basically it's easy to believe anything weird you hear about a weird looking person, because it's obviously true right?!! my reputation in the town i live in has been obliterated. god knows that i'm not the type of person that i have been portrayed as. i have done everything possible to try remedying the situation including been patient, apologising for things i've never done, tried keeping away from people, tried warming up to people, everything. i have treated those who hurt me with so much politeness and respect in the face of what they did to me and they continue to throttle my reputation. i don't know what to do. i've literally lost the battle and they've won. anything i can do until then to remove the emotional and mental agony that has evolved into feeling physically unwell at times as well?	11
i want to try to get out of my comfort zone and do it i've been going to a pet store to get my cat and dog food for almost 7 months now. there is a girl there that i find really pretty. we chat and i flirt with her everytime i go in. two months ago i decided i wanted to ask her out for coffee or something casual, but everytime i go in with confidence my head held high. i go up to her say hello and casually chat with her. she checks me out and when she bags the items i think"now's my time.... to run away" and that's what i do. i really want to go out and get to know her. i guess what holding me back are my doubts, fears and what ifs. like what if she she is only nice to me because i'm a customer. but then again she memorized my name for their loyalty program. she always makes a point to say hi and help me everytime i go in. i've tempted when she checks me out to ask for a pen and the receipt write my number down and say something like "here's my number. if you want to get coffee and chat text me " it has been almost 6 years since i asked a woman out in person. modern technology makes it so much easier to ask a girl out online since you don't have to face them. aka an excuse tldr; i'm a grown as man with a stupid highschool crush on the pet store lady, but i'm too scared to ask her to coffee. rip me	6
i got a letter from my crush today it said " keep 10 feet away from my client at all times or legal action will be taken,". god damn she's kinky please tell me what it means	15
i miss my mom really, i grew up with her working 12h a day, my dad left us before i can remember and i don't got any brothers or sisters. right now am overseas and i can't help but to think of my mom..my teenage years was hard but now i realize how much she's been there for me and how much i love her... i love you mom	3
y'all ever think about the fact that we're out here (or will be out here soon enough) busting our asses at our summer jobs just to afford college/gas money/not be homeless, but there's hundreds of teenagers that literally just film themselves doing random shit in la and get paid ten times more in a single video than we will the entire summer it really be like that sometimes	15
what i brought have finally came. finally, after 10 centuries of waiting...... if you want some surprise...... check this low-effort post out. . . . . . i got the thing. . . . . . i wanted to share it with you all. . . . . . oh, so you are determined to want the gift? okay...... . . . . . here you go, your gift in 10 dots. . . . . . . . . . . [gift](<url>). hope you like it!	6
i always refill my voss water bottle so people think i'm a boujee bitch	0
brain tumour get dabbed y'all, the doctor said i'm either fine or i have a brain tumour i'm getting an mri this afternoon	0
a sexless relationship??? hi i'm a (23f) with a (23m) partner. i've gotten into a relationship with a very amazing guy he's sweet extremely kind and just all around a great partner. we've even recently told each other we love one another, but there's only one set back he's still a virgin and i believe wishes to remain one till marriage. now that on its own is not the problem, i'm extremely understanding of this and accepting of it respectfully. i admire it even, and would never wanna push him into a situation where he feels pressured. but he still expects sexual favours in other forms mostly oral, which i am happily obliged to do. i am the complete opposite i love sex, i think sex is an incredibly healthy form of deepening a relationship and sex in general is just great all-round. i love preforming acts like this with him however he will not reciprocate. it's incredibly frustrating at times. he says he's not ready and wants to wait till marriage but wants instant gratification on top of that. that's not fair right? especially if he can't even try to give me that same pleasure in other forms besides penetration. i feel like i'm at a loss, i question if i'm not good enough or if there's something wrong with me, which is highly unlike me because i used to be very confident. i wonder if him not wanting to go further means he subconsciously knows he doesn't want to be in a relationship with me??? i do love him very much, but i want more as selfish as that sounds. am i in the wrong here for thinking this way??? is there any advice you guys could give as to what i should do in this situation. i don't wanna break up with him, but every time i press him about this he just says that he's not ready. i'm at an impasse with this	7
grateful for my fiance. i don't deserve him. i just felt like expressing this, bc my fiance is the most under appreciated person in the world. people have no idea what they're missing by not being a part of his life. he's always pushed aside or ignored. i don't get it. he's incredible. we've been together 11 years and i love him more as time goes on. i'm so proud of him and i can't figure out for the life of me why i deserve him or why he's with me. i'm currently in the worst, lowest point of my life. i'm an absolute train wreck physically and mentally and so sick that i want to end my own life. he's why i don't. because i want time with him. even if i hurt. i feel like i've been so annoying and a burden and i can't help it bc i'm sick, but he's been so nice and supportive and sweet and kind and patient. i don't deserve it. but he deserves so much more than what he gets. i wish i could be more like him. i wish i knew how to pay him back so that he truly knows how deep my gratitude is. we've been through cancer, combat deployment (at the same time), grad school, police academy, and just growing up from being teens to adults together. i grew up without love from family and he makes me feel loved and it keeps me going. i just want to post this so i can get those feelings out. i tell him this stuff, but i want to emphasize it. i sometimes feel guilty that he has to be with me. but he's so sweet about it. he really understand and sympathizes with my illnesses. he's wonderful. i may be miserable, but i'm lucky as fuck there. that's all. maybe i'll show him this...he doesn't do reddit lol. thanks for letting me vent and just talk about something very important to me right now during this rough time. merry christmas and happy new year y'all!	3
how do you get to upvote level k? i never even make it as far as level a.	10
just found out i have the biggest pp among the boys not sure what ur supposed to do w this info but i just want it to be out there	0
graves' discussion thread heyo homies i'm on some tron cat type vibes how's it hanging? what's going on? how are you doing today? anything you need to rant about? maybe ask for some advice? shoot it at me and let's talk love y'all /new shoot it	3
could we lower the amount of self deprication? i see people everywhere putting themselves down saying theyre ugly, will never get a gf/bf, really bad at certain things, etc... like cmon guys lets just be a little bit postitive. i know not everyone is flawless at everything and looks like a god, we all have weaknesses and theres strenght in acknowledging that but having such a negative mindset that people do on this sub is unhealthy and doesnt help with low self-esteem. im guilty of this myself i have to admit but im working on it and trying to be more positive in life because its really important. i just ask for a little more positivity, thats all guys, it would be nice to see. everyone have a great day, youre all amazing	6
getting floss stuck in my teeth so, i've had a bonded retainer for a couple months now and didn't really get properly trained how to floss under them.... i haven't been flossing under them. recently though i found out that there's this floss called "super floss" that has stiff ends so you can wedge it under your retainer and clean the areas. on my first piece of floss i started flossing away and it tore causing a small bit of floss to get caught in between my teeth in a hard to reach place..... not gonna lie but i'm pretty annoyed about this because it's in a place that floss can't typically reach because of the retainer and the so called special floss isn't stiff enough to push the bit out. 15 minutes later no luck getting it out tl;dr i bought a floss that was supposed to be more efficient than regular floss and it got caught in my teeth	4
if you're reading this, i just want to let you know that you are loved and cared about, no matter what other people say. don't let anyone stand in your way, you always do what's best for you and you be who you feel you should be	3
thank you to the man, who offered me some words of encouragement while i was working drive thru. so this is my first real job, i've done artsy stuff/freelance during high school, but now that i'm home for the summer and low on cash i need a real job. anyway i got hired at wendy's, i have zero experience on the register and honestly i have some adhd tendencies so it can be hard for me to multitask. anyway one of my managers is definitely not very friendly. i try to stay engaged and ready to learn but when ever i ask her pretty much any questions she gets annoyed and treats me like i'm dumb (just because i don't know where the chocolate milk is on the second day). she also expects me to do/make things and know jargon no one has taught me. anyway i could go on but you get the picture. so today was day number three and she treated me even worse, while i was working drive thru. instead of implying i was dumb she straight up called me stupid. i accidentally gave someone the wrong salad or something. she called me dumb, she said that she needed to have a talk with the hiring manager because i'm "not cut out for fast food". she continued to insult my intelligence i kinda blocked her out at this point. meanwhile the guy in window waiting for his order overheard everything. after my manger was done chewing me out he ask me my name. i told him my name and he responded "hang in there hogsheadoffire". i handed him his food and he drove off. i know what he said was simple but it had a huge affect on me. like i didn't deserve her harsh treatment and even the average civilian could see that. her comment comment about not being cut out for fast food really hurt me. like i'm failing at the most simplest job ever. but hey if being cut out for fast food means i'll be working there at 50 like her imma pass. tl;dr it's my third day working at wendy's and my manager called me stupid and said i "wasn't cut out for fast food". meanwhile a customer over heard and told me to hang in there and it meant so much to me	3
update on my life its been ten days since mr kaat post about being kicked out. so far everything at my dad's has been great. step sister comes back tomorrow. hell i get a home cooked meal every night. i mainly had cheese it's and fast food that i had to buy at my moms. i've been doing my normal stuff. work and airsoft all is good. my mom has texted me a total of 5 times. asking em to feed the dogs and then telling me not to because she's petty idk. she tried to talk to me more today tell me she loves me and asked me if i still love her. she's pretty bi polar. my friends have been caring for me so i guess that's good. non really buy my side but my girlfriend is probably the main reason why i'm getting through this. i want to thank you guess for the support. and once again sorry about the grammar. love y'all	3
hey babe girl are you a monster living in my closet? cause i'm getting desperate and your kinda starting to look good	5
bro i just realized we are closer to the year 4098 than we are to the year 2019 ****	5
i feel like my parents only care about my grades sorry about grammar or spelling, on mobile, formatting, yadda yadda. been a lurker for a bit, just wanted to rant. advice or whatever welcome though. so i'm a pretty good student. getting all a's, a+'s, the occasional b+ in something like hpe, right. (australia). i'm an intellectual, don't like sport unless it's mandatory, i usually don't study cause i'm good at memorising things as i learn them. my parents don't like this. also, our school has a thing called a scholars class. for all the above average kids. my parents think that because i'm in the scholars class, i should be getting hours worth of homework every night. our teachers are pretty chill and don't really give that much homework (besides one, she's kinda a bitch to me cause i called her out on something). but that's not good enough for my parents. they think that i, a teen who is prone to (private) mental breakdowns and has battled stress, anxiety, depression etc in private should have more homework, should be asking for more work, and should have no free time because i also work regularly after school and on weekends. not to mention, i recently saved up for a ps4. i had been wanting one for ages, and my parents said no. they told me my grades would drop because all i would do is play that stupid console. a lot of convincing later and one well worded powerpoint (gotta be professional) i have finally got one. then along comes icas. for those who don't know, icas is an optional (idk how to do italics and bold and shit) test for kids grade 3 and up i think. it basically compares you to the rest of the world. i have done icas many times before and have decided that this year i don't need the added stress of like 5 more exams. so what do my parents say? "oh that's ok op, you don't have to do it if you don't want to." no "oh well, guess you won't be seeing that phone or ps4 for a while." yes i argue and rant and all that jazz, but they ignore me. i thought they dropped it after a bit, but when my dad picked me up from school today, he says. "oh and i dropped in your icas form. now you have to do it so you don't waste my money." (you have to pay for the tests) this resulted in a breakdown by me later when i ended up screaming at my dad and leaving to my room, but not before he says that i can't have my phone in my room like i usually do. (i've got it anyway, i smuggled it). everything with them seems to be about grades and what i look like compared to everyone else. it's not helping my deteriorating mental health, and i am sick of it. but thanks for reading my rant, and i'm sorry it got kinda long. everyone be safe and happy.	3
hi fellow redditors, will you be my friend or tell me how to make some? i don't usually post on reddit, but thought i'd give this a go. i want to have friends, genuine friends. it seems most people i meet and my current "friends" are all consumed with their lives, themselves, flake on me constantly, look past me when talking, and basically don't give two shits if i died tmrw, etc. hopefully, you catch my drift. i wanna know where or how to make genuine connections or friendships with people? i have been struggling with loneliness lately even though i hang out with people if that makes sense. please no sarcasm, only serious replies. it's not my first rodeo on reddit.	14
i { } ice creammm i had a dream where i was getting all my holes filled... who wants to make a girls dream come true?	3
i finally cried today i never do so it was nice #^{^~>\^|>\*\!{*_ps{eur_ps~!\*{eur_*}^[eur	0
the new batwoman trailer was terrible holy shit they tried too hard wit the feminist stuff if you haven't seen it check it out it's so bad lmfao	2
i'm surprised nobody on here is talking about hellasketchy, he was a teen rip	4
just blew on a spicy potato chip....... i don't know what i was trying to accomplish . so what utterly hilarious stupid thing did you guys do today?	1
we're doing a q&a for a church activity and i want to raid it with stupid questions. text questions to (423) 863 - 1702. thanks love ya	3
telling girl i had small penis before i got anything so it all started on a date to the movies at a pretty local area. everything was going well, we made out in the theater, had some good laughs enjoyed food and genuinely had a good time. (as good as a date to the movies could go) i could tell she liked me a lot cause she kept getting close to me and we had some pretty deep conversations for a first date. i'd been talking to the girl on the phone for about a week before, but she seemed to feel comfortable around me so i was pretty happy to have someone who i could connect too. we made out a couple more times behind some buildings and on benches and stuff and kept talking, holding hands, felt like we'd been dating for months but it was still a first date. we met through some of our mutual friends that we originally went on the date with but separated after the movie. it was pretty dark and we were walking on a pretty unpopulated path behind the theater/mall. she took my hand to an alley/bushy area not visible to the main road. she looked at me in the eyes kissed me and said "can i go down?" i said yes! "but i'm not gonna lie it's not that big, like at all" i know i facepalmed instantly! she said "oh... well, maybe it's not time then?" she got back up and said "sorry i asked..." i didn't say anything cause i was just freaking the fuck out. the entire date from there was awkward and i could have easily just said "no it's fine" but i didn't. today is a regretful day ladies and gentleman... a regretful day indeed. tl;dr: was about to get head from a girl, told her my dick was small and she didn't really wanna do it anymore.	4
had my first work experince today got 60$ for 6 hours	0
you know what im too cool for friends	0
when my best friend and me made paper casserole to the next level. note: sorry for the grammar/spelling, english is not my first language. tl;dr my best friend and me basically make my crush has ptsd. it goes back to my senior year, we were getting bored at the cdi (library) with my best friend when we had the idea of making a paper casserole, like we did in primary school, we laughed at it and we thought it would be even more fun if we put insults and absolutely horrible stuff in the said casserole, so we did it, we put stuff like that on: your sister sucks cocks, you get cancer and your father died under a 36-ton truck (this one's important) proud of our bullshit, we play it with friends before going to class (we had chemistry class) and my best friend asks a girl to play, she accepted. this girl i had a huge crush on her, she took the dark thoughts out of my head and we helped each other with our problems, she was really my savior for the time, she was just recovering from a huge depression she had after her father's death (the kind with ptsd, he hang himself and she found him). then she came across the box mentioned above, "your father died under a 36-ton truck" and then she burst into tears on the ground, we all knew what had happened to her but we took 10 seconds too late to realize i've never felt so bad before, i stayed with her for an hour to calm her down while my classmates were next door in chemistry labs (the teacher absolutely did nothing, she hated us particularly) today i still feel bad about this story even though she told me it was nothing. i eventually ask her out but get turned down pretty quickly .	9
just a quick confession that i'm definitely going to get bullied for lmao i've always thought about being in the naruto universe. i couldn't care less about the hot guys, but to think about being this bad ass chick who can destroy and save others with powers just seems so much more interesting than who i actually am. i know i'm gonna get a lot of "ur a weeb" comments, so i'm gonna just delete this real soon bonus confession: i got suspended for gay fan fiction in 8th grade even though i was forced to write it	1
wireless device charging on the go? in the near future with the advancement in technology people will not have to worry about running out of cellphone battery because we will be able to share the power wirelessly among near devices. just like how you charge your phone wirelessly- placing one phone on top of other. how many of us will be willing to share?	10
i might become a male stripper imagine, you get thousand of money every night. your social circle is pretty big, you get lots of sex and thots over you, all that by just stripping your shirt off	0
i just watched the sunrise i pulled an unexpected all-nighter, i got caught up playing minecraft and watching forensic files oof anyways i went outside and climbed up the ladder thats against the side of my house, and went onto the roof to watch the sunrise. i'm a radio rebel but fr it actually was so nice and made me a very happy gorl ok that's all i hope whoever read this pointless post has a great day/night yeehaw	16
hello kind people of the internet. i am planning something special for my younger sisters 20th birthday. i would be needing help from all around the globe. so my younger sisters(non identical twins) are turning 20 and i wish to do something special for them. i am making a photo montage of people from different countries/cities wishing them. for that people are sending me pictures of them holding a message. the message says happy birthday aahana and aarya. love your name and wherever you're from. the picture needs to be taken outside so that the city/town/locality is visible. you can do it with your friends, pets, siblings, significant others etc. just the message needs to be a little large. it's okay if you just want to be partially visible in the picture or maybe just your hand holding the message. i would be sharing a link to the final montage so that contributors know am not some kind of creep and my intention is genuine. their birthday is on 4th of november but i need to be done with this before september end as i will be appearing for multiple exams in the month of october. please do drop me a message once you've clicked the picture, so that i can give you my email id. the pictures need to be mailed so as to preserve the resolution and easy editing. thanks in advance and for taking the time out to read this post. p.s: i have posted this in other threads but on the suggestions of some super kind folks i am reposting this in other threads too. the more the merrier	8
belle delphine she probably didn't even enter that bath, and it's not false advertising because all it said was that it was water from her bathtub. she made thousands from tap water. thinking emoji	10
sucks how you cant change your genetics when i was younger i developed "man boobs" i was chubby so i attributed it to that. a few years later and well.. they're still there. i've lost so much weight, and they're there. a few months ago i started weightlifting and in some parts of my body it's been clear that i've been gaining muscle but my chest had stayed the same. yesterday though i started to notice how it looks more defined up to the point where you get to the nipple aka man boobs. i'm already 19 so odds are it's not caused by oubertt, might as well start considering surgery huh?	7
just found out my mum had a gender reveal party for me no one died, but damn. ti's alot to take in i don't even think she got the gender right, like bruh.	2
laying on my couch and guys... i can *feel* my upstairs neighbor snoring. i can both hear and feel her snores. gotta love apartment living, ammirite? what's your favorite or least favorite thing about living in an apartment?	4
followup to my last r/teenagers post she said she like me and i said i liked her. this is pretty cool and i'm kinda pissed that my sister was correct about something i was confused about.	0
tell me your questions for an 18f teen and i'll do my best to answer them! i'm just a senior procrastinating on work so give me your questions (girl stuff, highschool stuff, college stuff, whatever)	6
i love when u make an effort to text someone and the one day u don't say anything it's complete silence and when u finally do say something they don't even leave u on read like bruh did i say something wrong? did i offend u? am i boring? annoying? stupid? am i just not worth ur time? do u hate me? why are you ignoring me? even worse if u text them in class and u see them on snap and then they just don't respond to u at all. or i get ppl asking for homework answers and only that 24/7, it hurts. what's wrong with me to the point where all i'm worth giving is some dumb answers to a class you won't even pass? am i that boring that u feel the need to go out of your way to not reply to me even tho ik u can see i texted u? so many questions	2
are some people just not meant for love? i've never been in a relationship and i'm 20 and male in my last year of uni i'm ugly and not fat but kind of chubby, especially in the face area. i have really bad social anxiety and next to no social skills (if i last 5 messages on tinder without drawing a blank that's good for me ). i'm usually terribly socially awkward i also get really bad bouts of depression where i basically can't function like a normal person. i go through periods of apathy were im so lazy i can't be bothered to do anything at all. adding to this i have extremely low self esteem i really want to fall in love, it just doesn't seem realistic from where i'm standing. no one is looking for someone with all of the things i just mentioned. am i wrong? i need an honest answer because i can't decide wether or not to just leave finding someone for now also, anyone here in my situation, or used to be in my situation? tl;dr : can anyone really get into a ltr?	1
attention all women yes i know you can't stop thinking about me. if there are somehow women who don't find this post cringe, dm me . no but i am cringe and lonely please this is my last hope.	17
probably gonna get swept under the rug but i am infatuated with a girl and i can't talk to any of my friends about it so im just gonna dump it all on here. i have been absolutely head over heels for one of my friends sisters since we met platonically at a grad party a few months ago. i have been snapchatting her ever since and our streak is now at 54 days of constant communication. i literally can't talk to any of my friends though because i don't want this to be brought up to her brother until i am for sure about our feelings. so for now i am just gonna continue to admire from afar and be present in her life as a friend. the big reason i needed to post this was because today she mentioned how my college was in her top 3 choices literally like 20 minutes ago. i also haven't felt a connection like this with a girl for a solid 2 years. but yeah that's about it. this post is a mess but i needed to make it just so i could say i did. thanks for reading	3
one simple way to not catch covid you can't catch it if you don't run fast enough	0
you ever just look at a cute girl and are like "damn she hot" but then she tells you "you're my brother you fucking idiot!" like geez, cuck block much	11
we fight for trans rights and everything but whos fighting for the trans lefts? hmmmm	10
gurl you a nuclear submarine? id be kinda concerned about nuclear waste if you are	5
5 days into quarantine i jus miss my sister, cuzzins, and my grandmother *currently watching adventure time rn*	2
goodnight west coast its literally 1 am sleep well cuties, except 1 person that i find annoying. and miss me	18
so i got this crush right? i swear to god shes so fucking cute. everytime i see her my brain fucks up and i start hearing "marvin's room" by drake. i accidentally said hey in a flirty way when she said hi to me. i'm falling in love i think. thanks for listening to my bullshit.	18
what are some things about girls that boys (usually) don't know? my thing is that some of us have thought about or tried peeing standing up at least once	1
gals ,,, am i the only one that has the intense urge to get pregnant every time i see a baby ,,, like it's concerning but they're so cute and i want one	13
i feel bad for my parents tbh i'm sure they wanted a child that was smart, talented, an amazing person, or just an average one with some redeeming qualities, but guess what? they got neither .	0
idk where i stand on abortions on one hand i love killing babies but on the other hand i just don't support women's rights	7
nothing to worry about or cheating gf? my girlfriend (22f) of one year ist texting a boy she had sex with, way before our relationship. i (21m) said that i'm cool with it. they are still friends. he's also in a relationship but is pretty sure hitting on her. she was texting in front of me and he said stuff like 'uh nice profilpic, such a nice ass' and she replied 'hahaha thank you '. i was confronting her and she said that it's normal and they are just friends. she said that she would stop texting in such a way if necessary, i said that i trust her and that i don't mind if they stay in contact. nevertheless. two weeks ago they met again and i couldn't held it and read the messages, they were texting stuff like 'was tough not to make a move, next time just one beer' and she replied 'same haha' last week i saw her receiving text messages again. she deleted his contact but is still messaging him regulary. kind of suspicious. i'm not sure how to handle. don't want to seem overly jealous. also don't know if i should tell her that i read the messages. tl;dr girlfriend is texting a boy she had sex with before our relationship. is acting and texting suspiciously.	3
my mom brings me food and closes my bedroom door without me even asking	0
yooo my knee highs just arrived i thought they'd never come but damn here they are	5
i feel that 4k screens make the video look fake. anybody feels the same way? to clarify....for most of my life, i've watched sd video (480p) on hd or fhd screens. i very rarely watched videos in 1080p or even in 4k due to higher file size and slower internet speeds. whenever i watch fhd or 4k content on 4k tv, i really think the video is too clear, and therefore it looks fake. haha ..... the details are so clear... it's *terrifyingly* clear. i can spot dust particles, wrinkles, etc.	9
question about being vegetarian/vegan so usually when i'm really hungry, i don't really start feeling physically better or less full until i have some meat or eggs. does anyone else know what i mean or feel the same way? and hypothetically if i became vegan, would i get used to it and start feeling full after eating vegan food? is this a dumb question?	1
bang the door to the beat of the song i'm the door	17
it hits different when someone you grow up watching dies so early :( rest in peace cameron boyce	3
my best friend from college had his bachelor party tonight (i'm a groomsman ). the best man (groom's brother) has never been in a wedding party before. i told him, "look at your brother before the bride walks in. the grooms face when he sees his bride is the pinnacle of human emotion." thoughts?	8
made it on my own i woke up at 6am, went shopping on my own then walked my partners dog & took her to the pet shop. i also travelled to work then visited my mum afterwards, then back to my partners. i suffer pretty bad from anxiety and i feel like i really pushed myself today. i'm proud of myself & it proves things do get better. now i'm all cozy, watching documentaries and hoping to take this motivation into the following days	3
i (35 female ) broke up with my boyfriend (34) because of his female friend we had almost 9 months relationship. he talked about his female friend a since our first date. i was cool with a that he always talked about, because they work together. a also helped him to got a good job. they are very closed friends. i thought they were too close as friends, but i trusted him. until he sent me a photo that they both hold many bloody baby dolls together during an halloween party at work. i was so mad at him and asked him if they liked each other. but he insisted they were just close friends. he said he'd keep a little bit distance from a for me. after that, we were happy together again. but the insecure feelings in the relationship started growing in me after i knew more how close they are together. a has a bf but my ex still went traveled with her alone when he was a single in the past. they went to many parties together alone as well. my ex said a's bf is a very nerdy guy and didn't like to go out, so a hangout with guy friends a lot. a's bf doesn't mind she hangout with many guy friends as well. a and my ex work together, so they hangout a lot at work everyday every week. they even hangout after work. since we argued because of a. my ex stopped being honest with me for one case. this case was my ex bf hided me went to wine tasing with a after work. he got really drunk over there. a knew my ex was drunk but still left him there. so my ex bf got dui and in the jail for 12 hour. i was the first person noticed he disappeared. the first person i thought about was a. and of course a said they went drank all night. i was so mad but still forgave him because he was in the jail and got injured from the car accident. i said it's a's fault that she should stopped you to drive home alone since she knew he was drank. my bf was upset about me and saying it's not her fault at all. so after that. they were still close together. i didn't really see my ex ever tried to kept a little distance from a. he just mentioned a less from me. they still texting each other frequently after work everyday. after my ex hangout with me for all 4 days. he told me he couldn't hangout with me in the weekends because he hangout with me for 4 days already. he needed to met his friends and did errands in the weekends. i was ok with that until he mentioned that he needed to met a's bf to talk about investment. i asked him could i go with you? but he said you could but it's not a fun meeting. i asked him that he hangout with a everyday at work, why still hangout on sunday? he was very mad saying he mainly needed to met her bf not just her. i asked why i can't be included? he said he didn't want me to drive there just for a short meeting. his responses were so cold and blamed me didn't gave him space. after that i was totally mad and told him i was gonna to gave up the relationship because of a disturbing our relationship the whole time, and he never made any progress. he was mad too and said a had nothing wrong, everything was my fault. he protected a the whole time every time we argued because of a. and he agreed to broke up. i was so heartbroken and told him never wanted to met him again anymore. and i told him i deleted all our photos. so after that argument. we never contacted each other for 5 days till now. could you guys help me out who was the big problem ruined this relationship? i admitted i'm a very attached person and need a lot of attention in a relationship, but we can only met about 3 times every week.. he thought 4 days were so long to hangout with me. but he hangout with a 5 days a week. he never said love to me. i didn't know how to deal with bf's female friends. is it normal that bf hangout and texting with his female friends almost everyday like this? thank you tl:dr! my ex boyfriend has a very close female friend. they hangout a lot more than he hangout with me. he always protected his female friend every time we argued because of her. eventually we broke up, but my ex boyfriend said it's all my problems.	4
finding a 20 in your room is like past u knowing future u will fuck up and need it real bad so anyway i'm going on a spending spree what should i buy?	10
exploring a ravine and a fucking creeper fell on me good thing i had armor	0
i went to the pool recently i was in the pool, there were tons of people there. and you know what? there was a girl there too. my dick touched the water, that same water touched her. later, virgins.	0
do you ever see women that just make you feel like "woah haha sorry for breathing the same air as you " i'll just see one picture of a girl with short fluffy hair and i feel like i'm in the presence of a goddess	5
something unexplainable is happening in my house... i'm cleaning around the house. i've heard someone hit a key from the piano twice. i'm home alone. not going to lie. i'm kinda scared edit: 9:38 between the second and third note this is getting ridiculous edit 2: at 9:13 pm central time. there was a faint piano stroke. this one is #4. edit 3: i locked myself in the room. safest bet.	7
annoying af is it wrong to kinda despise people that don't clean up after themselves? places like starbucks where you should definitely clean up after yourself but don't!! i almost want to say something but i just let it go. but one of these days i just might! am i making a big deal about this?	10
looking for a certain book about a girl with telekinesis i remember reading this young adult novel about a girl with telekinesis. the only part i remember is that she couldn't remember anything. there was a part where she was in some type of group home with a bunch of other girls with powers. at one point they were trying to convince her she was at her home and there were pictures in her room but none were of her, they were all of other girls that were supposed to be 'her friends'. i hope somebody can help me	9
people get asked if they want to be their valentine i get asked if that's an entire pikachu in my urethra	0
do u feel like you want to hug someone? get up go to your parents and give them a hug. they deserve it!	19
i still have a n-word pass left but i won't use it cause its racist racism bad, minecraft good but virginity is even better. stay in school kids	16
i hate it when ppl tell me shit like "dont do drugs they aren't good for you" like bitch you think i give a shit about my health. i'm here for a good time not a long time, so stop telling me things i already know	16
if you want my body and you think i'm sexy, come on sugar, let me know tell me so, baby	5
i'm actually kinda happy rn my mom had to get me a bigger belt earlier this year, because yk so i was prob on the third smallest hole or whatever then i started eating a little better and i kept going down and down now i added an extra hole and its still too big	18
complicated breakup, long, tldr warning. opinions that i don't want to hear are welcomed. male female relationship. both late 20s. tldr summary - breakup/ break, but he won't let go. he initiated break. seeing another girl, not public. but still seeing me. not sure if it's classed as cheating yet, but it's the intention not the title that counts. so this is a long story but i'll sum it up in as small a nutshell as possible. dated for a while, more as best friends than dating, as we both saw other people. but always had something between us. he asked me to be his, and not see anyone else, we went official. we moved in together, booked a holiday, (all his idea/ suggestions) it moved very quickly and as we had strong foundations we both fell in love deeply very quickly. i'm very very intuitive and there was never any question of trust or cheating when we were together. fast forward to now, a year and a bit from when we first started dating. he's had some other personal issues, which amalgamated in a almost complete breakdown. he wanted a break from everything, he moved out, we dropped our status of being in a relationship but still talking. he said wanted to be alone, life a single life, but didn't want to close the door on us and had no intention of sleeping with or dating other people, as if he wanted a relationship then it would be with me. he wanted for us to be stronger after a break (if you're not buying it i wasn't either 100% tbh) i thought he was just trying to not hurt my feelings. i've done the 'break' thing before and saw the red flags. so i let things cool off. he contacted me, we had friendly chats, he told me about this girl he's been seeing . we talked about it and he said he just doesn't know what he wants. he keeps asking if i've gone on dates, what i'm doing, and threw a complete hissy fit and got upset when he thought i was on a date last week. fast forward another week (about three weeks post breakup/ moving out). he comes over (no intentions of anything happening). he pours his heart out over many things but mostly not about 'us', about his childhood, young adult life, things he has never been open about before and are the roots of his issues now. as much as he sounds like a jerk right now, he actually isn't deep down, and i've always seen through him to his real motives/ feelings. he knows this and 99.9% of the time i've figured him out before he has. so i just wanna be clear i can tell when he's manipulating me vs being honest. then 'things' happen, and it was loving, not just a hump and dump situation. he tells me he loves me, that he loved me more in 6 months than he ever did with his ex's he was with for years. he tells me if he wasn't with this new girl, he'd be in with me so deeply. mindfu**. he tells me he loves me on his way to meet her for a date the next day. he won't even tell her we are talking as friends and won't speak to me when he's with her. i don't know what to think of any of this. my thoughts are that he wants to be with me, but was scared of losing me, something he kind of confirmed recently. he feels for various reasons that i am too good for him. that he doesn't deserve me. i do believe all this. he's not saying these things just for sex etc, cos he can have that with the new girl. but i'm not stupid, and i know what i want - i just don't know how to make him see that he is good, and deserves a good, healthy relationship. we were both genuinely happy together. what i struggle with is my intuition which is so strong and 99.9% of the time correct, and my intuition tells me to wait it out and let him piece himself back together from this mess. but my head tells me differently. so opinions: how would you deal with this? is he cheating on new girl if they aren't 'official'? how do i show him he's not the awful person he thinks he is, and that he deserves to be happy too? (even if not with me!) how do i go forward with this, i don't want to back away and make him think i don't care (i.e no contact), but at the same time i don't wanna go down the route of being the 'other woman' for 6 months before he wakes up as i've done that before too and i'm not doing it again. it causes no end of trust issues and with the last one (going back over 10 years) once he did come back to me i realised i could never trust him. help!	11
please read my post and help me make my dad's 90th birthday present special and, with any luck, it will help make your day a little special too! this post is long but i hope if you take the time to read this story you might find yourself inspired to step out of your comfort zone and do something that scares you! or better yet, if you have ever suffered from depression or felt overwhelmed by life, maybe - just maybe, there is a nugget or two of truth in here that helps you! and sorry, there is no tl;dr. i think the heart of this story is worth a few minutes of reading effort. if you don't have that time to give, i surely understand. skip to the end and watch the video and leave birthday wishes if you aren't interested in the backstory. my father is an amazing man and is directly responsible for all that i have been able to accomplish in my life. he turns 90 on march 8th and i wanted to do something special to celebrate his life. the story that follows is the life adventure i have been on to accomplish that task. hopefully you will be moved by the story and will help make this a special gift for my father at the end of this post. seven years ago, when my oldest son was 16, he had a little garage band. now i have no idea where he got his musical talent but that boy just started playing guitar, keyboards, drums - pretty much anything. we built him a "music room" in the bonus room above the garage and he and his band would play all day and night on the weekends. those were really good times. now i don't have a musical bone in my body. i've never played an instrument and about my only experience with music had been singing in the shower and in the car when commuting to work. but my son's excitement about music inspired me and i began writing lyrics while i was driving to work each day. i would give him the lyrics and he and his little band would turn them into songs. it was fun, interesting, and a great bonding experience. about that time, i wrote lyrics about my father's life. those lyrics just sat on my phone for a year or two. then in 2014, my father was turning 85 and the family planned a big surprise party for him. i decided maybe there was something that could be done with those lyrics if i could just find some musically inclined good samaritan to help turn them into a song. my son was off to college by now and didn't really have the interest or time to help. so i turned to reddit. first, i began posting around on various subreddits to see if someone would volunteer. i was relatively new to reddit and really didn't know the ropes very well and had trouble getting any post traction. i remember bemoaning the fact that i couldn't find anyone to help and someone started a subreddit in that thread called /r/makemysong. i quickly posted the lyrics there to see if someone would bite. here's that original post which shares a bit about the trials and challenges my father has faced (and overcome) in his life: <url> well, a few people threw up quick shots at a song but i didn't get anything that resembled a viable song nor did i get an offers for a "collaborator" to help me. so there the idea died. or so i thought. flash forward to present day. my father's 90th birthday is fast approaching and with more "reddit wisdom" i thought, "why not try again". this time i researched music-based subreddits and decided to post a plea for help writing a song on /r/songwriters. you will see that the post (link in a second below) got literally 3 upvotes and that was all this little "diy" project needed to get off the ground. /u/elbow_or_gtfo showed up and threw his hat in the ring! now i had imagined that it would be a similar process to what i had done with my son all those years ago - i would hand my lyrics to /u/elbow_or_gtfo and he would unleash his artistic ability and drop out some amazing song that i would be able to give to my dad. but this adventure became much more involved - so much more personal, exciting, scary, and - eventually - satisfying. read through that post thread here and you'll see what i mean: <url> so i'm a guy that knows exactly nothing about music and yet i've somehow written and sung a song about my dad's life? by far the scariest thing i have ever done. and yet one of the most fulfilling. as the scale of this adventure expanded so did the ideas and work. my oldest son agreed to record the guitar track for the song. i reached out to all of my siblings and nieces and nephews to have them sing the closing chorus. and we decided to create a video to go along with the song that would use old photographs - the few we had from my father's youth - along with many, many pictures of my siblings and the 12 grandchildren - to tell the story of my dad's life along with the music. and now we are closing in on the end of the adventure. i've uploaded the completed music video to youtube. my dad's birthday is this friday so we only have a day or two to wrap things up. do you want to help me finish this project? if so could you please go to the video link below and leave a comment in the youtube comments section wishing my dad a "happy 90th birthday!" and maybe mention where you are from. i am hopeful we can get 100 birthday wishes for him from all over the world. in closing, i want to say this was the scariest thing i have ever done in life. i can't think of anything more petrifying than taking your personal thoughts and words, helping to turn them into a song, and then actually singing the damn thing for everyone and their brother to hear and make fun of. but you know what? never let your fear of failure - your fear of the unknown - stop you from trying something new. and just as importantly, hopefully those of you that are currently facing life's challenges will hear in my father's story some truths that can help you work through your current situation as well. peace! here's ode to billy: <url> please share the link on social media if you can to help get him more birthday wishes!	6
guys it's time to say goodbye to spongebob. today is his 20th birthday so he is no longer a teenager. you will be missed my yellow friend	14
my boyfriend is 1,200 miles away and i really would like to touch his butt rn	2
are there other people over 17 who wear braces? or am i the only 18 year old who does i swear i feel like freak with these on.	4
rip cameron boyce:( died at 20, was in grown ups jessie and other shows, rest in paradise mate .	2
after my crush told me she hated turkey , i said you dont like anyone dont you? then she just sent me a photo of me.	10
im at a crossroads with my career i wouldn't exactly call working in food service a "career". it was a series of jobs that turned into a career for me after i dropped out of college due to family instability and becoming homeless. i lived in the college town for about 9 years, working a lot and trying to get ahead. it wasn't until i was 24 that i found a really good management position with a company that i could grow with. my boss and i talked about getting me certified as a chef but things in my personal life took a turn. i don't want to make everyone read my whole life but the gist of it was i choose a very poor relationship to be in. for 6 years. i was very codependent and basically a shell of a person. i decided to leave the relationship and moved out. things changed a lot after this happened. i was still working my mgmt position but i was learning to be me and just be happy by myself. working my kitchen positions was my escape from a lot of things in my life. once i left my ex i was second guessing the thought of being a chef. it got to the point of just wanting to leave the whole industry. i moved out of the town, out of state to be with my partner when i was 27. life is great now. i hate working . i know we all do but after working to get away from life i'm ready to do the opposite. art studio was going to be my major when i was enrolled. i'm a traditional artist, computers are my nemisis and would love to learn more. i've been tossing the idea of going to a local community college for my associates. i guess i'm scared to take in all that debt and not finding a job. will i find the training i'm looking for? is it worth it? tldr: i've been thinking of going to community college for an associate degree in art after working 12 years in the food service industry. feeling apprehensive. any similar stories to share or advice?	1
if you are cute hmu and bonus points if you like star wars	5
daft punk splitting up the music of my childhood which i still carry today, i was listening too them just yesterday, farewell you and your awesome music, this gives me the big sad	2
call me daddy so i can cum call me daddy so i can cum 8===============================d	15
does anyone else absolutely hate spring & summer? or maybe anything that takes the temperature above room level? in my ideal world, it's the middle of winter all year round. i don't like being hot, or even warm in some cases. honestly, i think i'm a bit heat sensitive, but everyone just goes on and on about how, "it's so nice outside!", "the sky is bright and sunny, we should go out and do something!". umm, how about no? it's only spring, but if i step outside for even a moment, i won't last more than a few seconds before my body turns into an instant white waters attraction. it's awful. as someone who lives in the south, just imagine what summer is like for me. you have more of a chance of getting me outside of the house during the dead of winter than any other point in the year. i sleep with fans on all year round just because i like being cold. i'll even turn the ac on in winter sometimes just to get an extra layer of cold air. yes, it's really that deep . so what about you guys? any winter lovers or spring/summer haters?	1
i'm hurt shawty why are you ignoring me. all i ever did was try to be there for you shawty	2
hey guys, i'm still a virgin! i never lose	0
straight guys who refuse to date trans girls are transphobic period!! you can't deny it. you're straight, which means you like girls and trans girls are girls. stop justifying your transphobia	16
sangwoo i just want him to fuck me so bad	15
update on my life its been ten days since mr kaat post about being kicked out. so far everything at my dad's has been great. step sister comes back tomorrow. hell i get a home cooked meal every night. i mainly had cheese it's and fast food that i had to buy at my moms. i've been doing my normal stuff. work and airsoft all is good. my mom has texted me a total of 5 times. asking em to feed the dogs and then telling me not to because she's petty idk. she tried to talk to me more today tell me she loves me and asked me if i still love her. she's pretty bi polar. my friends have been caring for me so i guess that's good. non really buy my side but my girlfriend is probably the main reason why i'm getting through this. i want to thank you guess for the support. and once again sorry about the grammar. love y'all	3
horny bad i never horny but nnn make me horny send me to horny jail	2
here i go again ok so i posted here earlier about my issue with this guy and y'all really gave me the push i needed. i told him how i didn't like his habits and how i think he's a bad influence for me. i told him that i was better off without him and he told me that i couldn't break up with him, that he would change. ok first of all i never agreed to be his girlfriend because i knew that he would think he had power over me or something. he said that he loves me and that he wants to be with me. i told him that i really didn't want to see him or talk to him again. he texted my friend who i wasn't talking to anymore, so he can find out where i am. that kinda scared me.(this isn't something where he wants to hurt me or himself, he just wants to talk) i'm getting calls from random numbers which i'm blocking. i have so much stress with my work and exams that i have to do before monday and this is stressing me even more. i honestly really do like him or liked, he wasn't always like this, he helped me out with a lot of my shit and we had fun together, but i have to stop talking to him because this is not going to be good for me.	7
hooked anyone? has anyone else read the story "trevor and the virgin" on hooked? like i didnt even realize that kayla parent came out with a part 2 for it. i cant wait to read it and wait 15 minutes between each half of the chapter	11
fuck tapestries i gotta life size 24 in captain america shield on my wall ladies the line starts here vvv	0
i opened a gaming youtube channel... [my new yt channel](<url>) hi guys i post game clips, hope u like it. have a great day!	3
? soo my baby cousin just peed on my floor.	9
my girlfriend's ex just started dating my ex so 2 piece of shit people being in a relationship? good luck	4
my crush likes me back soooo you saw the title yeah my crush likes me back	17
my bf [21] beat my dog after pulling him out from under the bed by his tail/legs and was lunged at. we've been living together for a year and recently i've found myself feeling like an idiot. "fool me once" type of situation. i'd say we have 75% great times but the rest is definitely worse than bad. as a bit of backstory, my partner cares very much about how his family percieve him and so when they first came to visit he opened the front door to welcome them inside as he didn't want to keep them waiting. i was shouting no repeatedly as i didn't have a hold of my dog (his gran has hip problems, i didn't want the dog knocking her over) and my dog ran out to greet them, ran straight onto the street and was clipped by a car. not only did my partner not bother to listen to me he also didn't care for his gran potentionally being knocked off balance or my dog getting out onto the street. anyway, after being clipped by a car my dog was spooked and ran off, we finally caught him, put a lead on him and walked him home during which my partner kept yanking on the lead and pulling his head onto his knee and lashed out at me when i told him to hand him back as he was being too rough. he called him a stupid dog for not listening and running off etc, i told him he was just excited there was new people and unfortunately he was already out by that point, it wasn't his fault it was my partner's fault for not listening. we moved on and he swore he'd never do it again. until last night, we were in bed and heard pup under the bed rustling around. bf leans down to pull him out and i look over to see him physically shaking with exertion of pulling at him and hear pup growling. lots of noise and yelping so i called at him to stop and at that point pup lunges at him and supposedly bites him. he was under the bed, there are no bite marks, he hasn't broken skin or bruised him, i really think he just lunged and mouthed at him out of fear/discomfort. pup immediately crawls out my side of the bed and cowers behind me, bf storms over and wallops him. he's a collie dog, he's not a small dog and he fully recoils. bf is still mad and comes at him a second time but pup yelps and lunges again. again, no contact just a lot of defense tactics. i was absolutely disgusted by the exchange and the more i replay it in my head the more repulsed i am by my partner. if my dog was my child and bf was step father, would he punish my child for drawing on the wall by smacking him rather than explaining not to draw on the walls? i feel so heart broken, and helpless. as he swears it will never happen again, but this is already the second time it's happened and i feel like a fool for giving a second chance never mind a third. but i also feel like maybe i would be a fool to throw away something that is great the majority of the time for something that may not happen again? i'm just scared to give him that third chance. me and pup are staying at my parents at the moment, but it's not a long term thing so i feel i have to make up my mind. i just don't know what to do. this week has also been a very difficult week after having to give my foster brother some difficult news about his biological family and myself being diagnosed with a precancerous autoimmune disease. so i don't feel like i'm handling any of it very well and don't want to end my relationship just because i didn't handle the news well or something. please send help tl;dr my partner lashed out at my dog after letting him out on the street by accident and swore he'd never hit him again. proceeded to beat him months later after being lunged at for pulling him out from under the bed by his legs/tail.	3
day 1 of me making random terrible jokes until i pass 9th grade what do you call a pan that's in the neverland? a peter pan!	7
i graduated high school with a 1.53 gpa. then i took a shitload of time off because i didn't think i would be 'smart enough' for college. so far in my first quarter i've gotten 100% on every assignment! i don't really have anyone to tell, i'm keeping it secret from my family that i'm in school, and to tell anyone else just feels like bragging. months ago some fine folks over at /r/personalfinance really helped me figure out how i was going to make this work. today we were handed back a quiz, where the average score was 64%. i shoved it in my bag immediately so nobody would see, but smiled the entire drive home. some version of this has happened almost every class so far. i've haven't done well academically in my entire life, and i doubt my instructors have any idea how much this means to me. i graduated hs 3 years ago, and always assumed college would be 'too hard' for me. after years of just grinding away at work that lead me no where, it feels amazing to have direction in my life once more. anyway i love you all and hope youre all having good nights or days!!!!	3
she said she would be down for a date but now said 'i'll get back to you' --advice? so to make a long story short, i 22m sent a dm to a girl 23f from my university over instagram and the two of us have never met before. we exchanged a few messages and then i asked her to grab dinner so we could meet in person. she replied that she had a busy schedule this summer, but said that she'd be down. i told her to send me her # so we could get something planned and she did. i texted her initially to follow up and asked if saturday night the 22nd would work for her. she replied and said that she was going to be out of town that weekend. so, i offered an alternative and she replied and said 'i'm not good with texting, i'm so sorry it took me awhile to reply. i'll get back with you, my parents are out of town right now and will be getting back around that time, i'm also bad with planning .' then, i didn't reply to that for a little bit and 25 minutes later she sent me 'but i should be free!' i replied to her and simply said, 'no worries, send me a text when you're free to get together.' and left it at that. any advice on what this might mean? bad? good? i would assume if she didn't have any interest, she wouldn't have given me her number or said that she'd be down to begin with. opinions? tldr: i asked a girl on a date and she said she'd get back to me, but then texted 'i should be free!'	1
disassociation& mental illness gang? any of you guys experience severe disassociation? i've never met someone like me uweh, i've been alive for 16 years and the only good memories i have are of my cat that i had when i was 12-14. i promise you i'm not the typical ol' gloomy dood with the most boring persona, i try to be what i think is myself (minecraft, cats, novels, videogames but also sad times) if you're struggling with any sort of mental illness, i know the feels. it sucks. but hey, reaching out and making a couple friends that won't completely ghost you can help you. be positive you sillies, all of you are valid, and so are your emotions.	5
today some random guy gave me his snapchat i was sitting at a restaurant at the window seat and this guy from outside the window put his phone to the glass with his snap code pointing at me and i added him back later virgins	0
i like my men how i like my empire state building tall, classic, distinguished, and indefinitely erect	17
so, i got broken up with. i'm not asking for pity, or encouragement, i'm just ranting a little, today, minutes ago actually, my gf texted me after basically weeks of not talking to me unless it was for something "important", she asks if we can call and i'm a little fed up, and i say why the hell not, i call her i'm a little frustrated and she says if we can be friends, i oblige almost emotionlessly because i'm not trying to get pity from her either, and so here i am, single, broken up with because i tried too hard, just needed to get this off my chest, stay safe y'all, .	3
can someone be my friend so i can show my school bully kyle, i in fact do have friends! there was no desperate tag so i guess serious will have to do	16
has shalap made a new account yet? i miss him _____________________________________	4
spiking fruit punch and forgetting to tell my 15 year old daughter. my daughter posted this but got removed so she wants me to post instead. my parents and nieces were heading into town 3 nights ago. my family and i have just moved, so neither of my parents or extended family has been here before. when they came, i decided to make a big meal, buffet type of thing. i made traditional food i grew up with. i made chicken, rice, steak, fish, collard greens, baked mac and cheese, etc. but the best part was i made some fruit punch spiked with rum for the adults only. rum and punch has been my parents favorite drink as long as i can remember. fruit punch is my daughters favorite juice (she drinks about 3 or 4 cups every time we make some) and i failed to mention that this one i made was spiked with a lot of rum. my parents, my nieces, my husband and my other children wanted to go watch a movie. my eldest daughter was the only one to stay home because she has some summer reading to catch up on. in between when we were watching the movie and when we got home, my daughter drank some of the spiked fruit punch. as far as i know, she has zero experience with alcohol. she must've wondered why it was so bitter. when we all arrived home, we heard my daughter in the shower and didn't think anything of it. 10 minutes later we heard her crying, then screaming that she locked herself in the bathroom. she sounded so distraught, i was extremely concerned. this was all at 1 am. my parents, nieces and other children came to see what was going on. my husband bust down the door so that our daughter could get out. when he broke the door down, it banged right into my daughters mouth, chipping her tooth!! to top it all off-- she was naked, in front of her whole family. she then proceeded to throw up on herself and in the toilet. i got her back in the shower and told her to brush her teeth. she was acting so strange. then it hit me. i ran to the fridge-- and there it was, albout half of my spiked fruit punch (in a pitcher) was gone. we took my daughter to the dentist in the morning. i can't describe how awkward it was explaining to the dentist how she chipped her tooth. i feel so bad!! am i stupid or am i dumb ? **tl;dr- my parents/nieces are in town so i made some spiked fruit punch for the adults only. i failed to inform my 15 year old daughter this and she drank some. she locked herself in the bathroom, chipped her tooth, and our whole family saw her naked. safe to say it was awkward explaining to the dentist how she chipped her tooth.**	1
im not horny plz i swear	4
what music have you been listening to? wondering if anyone else in this sub has patrician taste.	0
how many languages do you know i'm too lazy to read so just put the number, in my case it's 2	5
i wasn't sure where to post this or why i am but i just needed to :) for the first time i am so happy, after years of being beaten down by life i have finally found peace with myself. i finally found someone who really loves and cares for me, i've never felt so proud to be me before. it's crazy that one person can turn you around and fill you with so much joy and happiness, let this be a lesson, if i can do it, anyone can. i just needed to let some of the happy out before i explode from it, thanks reddit, love you guys	8
lil rant or whatever > be me > absolutely suck at talking to people > only have like 2 friends > only one of them is actually a "close" friend > been friends for like 1 year and a half now > he gets a gf > barely even talks to me now > scared of us slowly talking less and less until we just stop talking > could possibly lose my only real friend > thisisfine.jpg dont get me wrong, im happy because hes happy w his gf but it still feels bad man yknow? idk what to think :(	19
fr going to bed i hope he replys soon	2
we (24f/24m) only see each other once a week after 2-3 months of dating - shouldn't we see each other more often? we (24f/24m) only see each other once a week and have been dating exclusively for 2 months with a total of 3. we live in different cities which are only 30 mins away but i don't have a car which means it's 2.5 hrs away for me. we've formed a recent routine where i'll bus to a train station which is only an hour away and he will pick me up. we do this once a week, midweek, and i stay over. we both go back to our home towns (not that far) on the weekends and both, especially him lead busy lives. it has been like this for most of our time dating because he bought a new house, fixed it up and moved in. i'd mentioned i'd like to see him more and it has improved since because the house is more or less set up and because we formed the once a week routine. he's a planner and when his mind is on something, he really focuses on it while i'm more relaxed. so he schedules ahead and and books his weekends up with errands, plans and things he needs to get done. it's hard for him to deviate from his schedule especially for important things like extra work from his job, errands and etc. he's also very ambitious with work and is taking an online course on the side. i start to miss him and sometimes feel a disconnect. especially when he has a night in, where he is just chilling and we could have hung out. and recently i've been thinking as if he should be able to fit me in for twice a week if he tried. online advice is always saying that if he liked you enough, he'd make time. which while sounds crappy, it's got me wondering. if he says he misses me, why doesn't he try harder to see me? or does he not mean what he says?? especially because i am more relaxed and i can move things around in my schedule to try and see him. so i don't know if this is also because we are different types of people? when we spend time together, once again because of the person he is, his focus is me. and all these issues almost feel non-existent because he's so attentive and thoughtful regarding me. and we text everyday. i feel like i'm nagging him if i say i'll like to see you more and now i'm always scared of asking him to do something in case he says no which is starting to feel crappy. i just think we could progress more into relationship-ville better and stronger if we saw each other more. so here i am, looking for someone to tell me to chill, stop overthinking and reading bad advice because once a week is good or is this something to be worried about? a red flag? p.s. he is my first real person i'm dating for this long - i got into the scene late and don't know how it really works p.s. anxiety prone p.s. he's also about to jet off on a vacation for 2.5 weeks, which is also triggering this. and i'm scared the "disconnect" will grow even more. also because he couldn't see me today because of errands and the superbowl ( ). tldr; dating for 2 months exclusively, he's a busy person so we only see each other once a week. i feel as though we should see each other more. it feels crappy when he has to say no to plans with me when i ask. starting to feel like he can put more effort in to see me but isn't because he doesn't like me enough. i also think we could progress a lot more in a proper relationship type of thing faster if we saw each other more. is it a red flag? or am i over thinking and once a week isn't really bad (i'm the red flag lolol).	11
i played minecraft with a women not gonna lie felling pretty poggers	0
a very strange story so a friend of mine texted me something about a dead boy, this is the text session (its all translated, f=friend) : f: do you still want to know why i couldn't sleep? me: yea f: do you know this boy i was talking about? me: yea f: well quite funny.... me: tell me f: he's dead for more than 20 years me: f: hes, sort of stalking me me: how? f: (appearantly thinks i mean how did he die) he had a knife in his head me: oof f: but he doesn't know he's dead me: what do you mean? f: so he has a bad temper me: are you joking? f: no, seriously me: a doll? f: nope, his name is josh. _____________________________ there was more but nothing really worth talking about... this is freaking me out, please help... (i don't believe in ghosts and stuff but i would trust this person with my life...)	5
should i even bother trying to remain contact with my family anymore? (24f) sister (23f), father (46m) my father has always put my sister before me. buying her countless things meeting with her all of the time. he then complains about her too me. such as every year he gives her a bunch of money and takes her out to eat at a restaurant. this year she said she wants to go out with friends and will meet him after to pick up money. he messaged me crying that he did all of this stuff for her but she can't even meet with him. i just told him that sucks. for my bday he usually gives me 10 dollars if he doesn't forget and has never taken me out. i don't care too much about the material items, i'm more bothered about him coming straight to me to complain about her. i tried to get along with my sister. i would invite her out and she would agree and then last second say "oh yeah, i forgot we agreed to meet and i'm with my friends now lol." she has done this every single time. i just stopped inviting her and she has never invited me anywhere. the thing that hurts me most is she never texts me i always text her first and i texted her for her bday and apparently she got a new number and had posted on facebook the day before "the people that matter to me have my number." i thought it was the number i had saved but apparently not. my sister only texted me when her car broke down and she needed rides and when her bfs dump her and she needs somewhere to stay. my dad only texts me to complain about my sister. i tried talking to him and he always responds with lol,k,cool. should i ask for her number? small story: when we were around 17, i got picked up from school by my uncle for my b-day i was super excited and asked if my sister was coming he said no. when we got to restaurant my dad showed up for free food. i asked if he would pick up my sister and he said "no." and i said "why not?" and he said "cause it's your birthday" and i said "we should get my sister!" he then said "oh my god, we are not getting your sister. on her bday we took her out and you know how much she asked about you coming? never. she never brought you up once." i was sad and got a text from my sister she was on lunch and she said "is dad going to pick me up?" and i said "he said no." and she said " that's fucked up!" and then she said "i bet you didn't even ask them to get me,you stupid bitch." tl;dr: sister never wants to see me and gave everyone her new number except me. father treats sister better than me and then complains about her not appreciating him enough to me. slightly jealous of her getting all attention, mostly sad should i keep making an effort to talk to them? they don't try with me.	13
am i being unreasonable in my expectations? 35 today (yay! ) things have been average at home. moved interstate in january for a life change. kids all now get the education we want for them at a price we can afford. wife and i both left careers we love for them. i tried to get the same job and was put on hold, so found a similar one. enjoy it. not the same, but it's also been 2mo and i had 8yrs in the last one, so i'll give it time. wife tried another job and it was miserable. worse than she thought and wound up quitting. been off work for a few weeks 'hoping' she gets her old job back but up here (couldn't just transfer). i know she is depressed about it but nothing works. sex drive for her has plummeted, last week has been "maybe tomorrow" and last night fell asleep as i was about to kiss her... cleary i'm doing something right! this morning i had to be up for a 0615hrs start and a 12hr shift. no one at work knows it's my birthday as too new, was an ok shift, and went out to dinner after. now we get home and kids are in bed and she wants to watch some stupid reality tv show. it's not even live it aired hours ago. i presume she is joking, tuck kids in, sort out uniform for tomorrow and come out to tv on. when i ask about it "it only goes for an hour" am i being unreasonable that on this day only she skips it? she can watch it tomorrow when i'm at work again.... tempted to just go to bed and be done with the day. tl:dr worked all birthday and wife now wants to watch her shitty reality tv show instead of spend time with me.	11
hearing about all these expensive gifts y'all got makes me kinda jealous lower middle class gang rise up lol	0
anyone else from san antonio in here hi it's me, the person also from that city if you're from there too you're pretty cool	0
opinions needed, i (25f) but my boyfriend (25m) clothes to feel him. so basically, i like going to buy my boyfriends clothes. the catch is, he is a very good looking guy and very very tall. an extremely good set of muscles and abs. so i love to feel him right? and when i say feel, i mean everywhere. to his legs to his * *. i buy him clothes, specifically lounge wear pants that are very soft and comfy. they are kind of loose and let's things hang. do guys like these types of pants? i can't tell whether he likes it or not. and am i wrong for this? i feel kind of wrong for getting him pants so i can feel his sausage... tl;dr, i buy boyfriend clothes that let's his assets hang. i love feeling him and his muscles but, i kind of feel off or weird about it. what do you think?	17
i asked my boyfriend what he would do if i went blind he said he would have to hold my hand a lot more	4
long distance sucks i've literally met the person i wanna be w forever and it's so painful that i can't see him or touch him :( i just wanna cuddle	13
on waze(gps app).. i "beep" and/or message lots of random wazers. anyone else do it? so, on the waze app, if you tap other user icons it pops up an option to "beep" or send message. i'll randomly text: "have a great day "... i work on an ambulance, so, waze is up & running all day... i beep @ a lot of users. it's entertaining.	19
yo i can't believe people actually did slavery that shit was kinda awkward ngl	9
my (30f) bf (28m) cursed me in his sleep? together 4 years in may. we have been arguing and bickering lately but i thought we resolved everything. he has always talked in his sleep but it is incoherent mumbling usually. last night, as plan as day he said "fuck you, you fucking bitch" ...he rarely cusses so i was kind of shocked that came out of his mouth. he was definitely asleep. am i crazy to think he's holding on to resentment towards me about something? should i just let it go? tldr- is my bf fighting with me in his dreams, should i address it?	5
what do you think of u/tinkerbell2678 pls be nice she's having a hard time	2
i've found something i'm finally passionate about wanting to do... it's been a long time since i've felt this excited. i want to put on a small concert at the top of a hill with pillars right by my campus. okay! so! i've been reading a book on the oral history of grunge, and a lot of grunge bands used to perform for parties at a lot of small places and stuff before they became big. they'd play for campuses, open mic, clubs, bars, and a lot of early nirvana shows were just them playing at their friend's house in the basement for everyone they invited. i think that would've been an awesome experience. live music at random places just having fun and listening to the bands. i started thinking it'd be cool if my small town had something like that like an underground music scene type deal. i hiked up with a friend up red hill today(that's the hill), and saw that near the big pillars the cement was pretty small but big enough for drums, four people, instruments, and some equipment. then i looked around the pillars, and saw the hill would be big enough for like 100+ scattered people. maybe 200 if they all were friendly and tightly fit in the audience i talked to my friend and said, "we could do a gig up here. we'd perform on the cement, and people could stand more on the hillsides. they could sit on the rocks, or even be behind us." he looked around and agreed with me. so!! for the next couple of months, what i really wanna do is round up a couple more people for a band and rehearse a few songs. then once we feel prepared we'll invite friends, tell them to invite their friends, put up posters, hand out posters, see if our campus can annouce it. then we'd head up there on like a saturday night and just perform! it'd be cool to hangout there and put on a gig. we'd also put out like drinks and stuff so it'll also be like a party type deal. a big complaint with my town is there's never anything to do, and nothing fun or cool going on. i feel like this would be a really fun night! i really want to put this on, and i'm really driven. it feels really good to have this passion	1
my 3080 is shipped the on the way pog i pay fat price but worth	0
going to work on christmas eve so..... this happened to me this very morning. i get to work and walked to the north corner to get some grub. the cart isn't there. no real surprise here, its christmas eve. i know that there's another one on the opposite corner down the street and so i head down there and order a sausage egg and cheese on a long roll. the second the old dude breaks the egg to start cooking the damn sky opens up and a blinding downpour starts. thank god i'm under the awning so i'm like "no biggie, it should stop soon", but when the food gets done i still can't see my hand in front of my face or where i'm going. there's that much rain. so i'm blind. check. can't breathe due to possible drowning. check. sloshing through a proverbial fuck ton of water. check. by the time i walk the 25-30 steps to get to the office door i am utterly, completely and totally soaked from head to toe. my bag is soaked as well. so, while looking like a wet st bernard, i walk into the office and boom walk face first into a door. bloody nose ensues. i then get to the bathroom to attempt to dry off and the lights are out. i know my way around so i manage to get to the towel station and dry my face. at this point i've taken my dress shirt off so i can ring it out. shirt is wrung out with not problem, its just slightly wet now. on the way out my t-shirt gets caught on the door and rips. the moral of the story is "it can always be worse". merry christmas folks. tl;dr: went to work and became wet beethoven (the dog) because of global warming. [edit: the hits keep on coming the stuff i order that was coming today most likely isn't. my people are gonna have an interesting christmas] [final edit: thanks for all the well wishes and happy holidays. the packages didn't arrive in time so we are celebrating on saturday. happy holidays in the last hour of christmas. i hope you got everything you wanted .	8
imagine being the exception of someone's sexuality imagine being so fucking good that you make people reconsider their sexuality. turning straights and lesbians into bi	5
what should i know going to a new high school i'm going from a private to public high school	5
hey yall hows it goin just went into a panic and cut my hair how r u 💋👩	3
(royally) by trying to fix a misaligned tub faucet myself. i feel like there are several key moments in my life where something so small goes way off the rails and blows up in my face. what happened you ask? i'll tell you. so, i live in a 2 bedroom apartment. i wake up this morning. i've been working a bit of overtime (7-7) for about a month and i'm finding it harder to will myself out of bed. with about a half hour before i have to leave for work, i roll out of bed and go to take a shower. as i generally take a lot of time to prepare for work, i'm really pushing it on time. i go to take a shower and discover the handle is all the way to the left. i turn it and nothing. i wonder if i'll be able to shower at all and then discover that if i turn it all the way right, hot water comes out. i shower and drag myself to the bus stop so i can make my way to work. i'm usually not reliant on caffeine, but work + not getting more than 3 or 4 hours of sleep has gotten me pretty beat. i decide i need to get myself together over the weekend and this thursday night i'll get a head start. i'll come home, i'll start taking melatonin (as it's been the only thing that has ever helped get me to sleep on time), make a little breakfast food and then go to sleep early. things did not go as planned at all. as i'm warming up some food in the oven, i become curious about the faucet again. it has a given me issues in the past, but they had been minor. i was used to checking it daily before i left. i'd have to turn it with a little extra force to make sure the shower was off and if i didn't it would run a little. i go to turn it on and discover it's still misaligned, but it's positioned more sensibly than it was before. it's practically upside down, instead of being kind of sideways. after finding an allen wrench i start trying to remove the handle. the allen wrench isn't the correct size, but it's getting looser. i try finding others from random places where i think one might be. after several minutes, i discover i have a screwdriver head that does the trick. mid-way i realize the handle isn't controlling the water output anymore. i figure i'll continue again then i can probably fix it and turn it off. after removing the handle i discover the screw to remove the rest of it is stripped and i can't stop the water. for an hour, as water gushes, i try researching ways to remove a stripped screw. hoping that either brute force or a miracle will remove it, i try removing it but it won't work. i also can't figure out any plausible way to shut off the water. at 10:20 pm i give up and decide i have to do the thing i dread most... call my landlord. i call and he's trying to tell me where a trap door, something a curious person like me would have known existed, is to shut the valve off. there is no trap door. finally he decides to try to see if another resident, who happens to be a plumber is awake. he's awake, but he's spending quality time with his daughter who he doesn't have 100% of the time. he comes over and we come to the decision that we might be need to cut the water off for the whole apartment. i feel awful. not only am i fucking his night up, but i'm fucking up everyone else's situation too. he's a nice dude. he was going through they motions of being a little pissed, but understanding shit happens and trying to make me not feel like an ass. finally he realizes he may have the tools and parts to be able to fix it. it needs a new cartridge. he's able to fix it fairly quickly (i maybe 20 minutes). but basically i fucked up royally. i disturbed my landlord with this issue late at night. i disrupted his night and time with his daughter. i didn't get to eat dinner at all. i won't be going to bed early at all which means the struggle continues tomorrow. my roommate also has a dog (that the landlord doesn't exactly know about). the guy saw her and casually mentioned something about a dog when he was on the phone with our landlord. i'm planning on calling him tomorrow to apologize profusely and i'm hoping he doesn't mention her. tl;dr - all i wanted to do was quickly fix a faucet handle, eat, and go to bed early and i ended up breaking the handle, disturbing my landlord late at night, ruining a neighbor's quality time with his daughter, having to throw away a cold dinner, and going to bed late ensuring that the cycle of being sleep deprived and caffeine boosted continues another day. as a bonus, we may end up in trouble with the landlord because my roommate has a pet when he's not supposed to. (at least without paying the pet fee) how typical.	2
nature/autumn themed online clothing stores? hi! i'm looking for online clothing sites with a nature/autumn "theme", clothes with green/yellow/orange/brown etc colors (like sweaters, pants, shirts,..) do any of you know some websites like this? thanks in advance :)	6
be my friend and send me memes i'm what you would call a dank memer	0
you must be at least 6'0 its just preference oh you dont like chubby girls? you massive piece of dog shit how dare your misogynistic mother fucking butthole licking cat kicking turd ball ass say something as sexist as that??? youll never find love you shallow piece of shit!!	16
hey guys, i think i'm developing a crush on my boss i know it's not something appropriate for the work place and i know this isn't something that i can or should pursue for a few different reasons: 1. she's married 2. she has a kid 3. don't shit where you eat 4. she has family that is also associated with where i work 5. where i work now is giving me valuable experience for later on in my career. i don't want any set backs. this is something that i can't really talk about with coworkers or anything and this is just something that a lot of people who've worked in an office have had to deal with. you're in the same place for 40+ hours a week and it's bound to happen to some people. i do try and stay on task with what i'm doing and try to see the big picture of what i'm doing, but then instinct kicks in and you find yourself attracted to someone you know you can't because of societal standards. have you guys ever been attracted to a coworker or boss? how have you dealt with that kind of situation?	7
no more old gang i dont wanna get banned	4
smh my head its always only the lesbians that are horny also	2
uh oh i caught feels for someone this is not going to end well at all	2
i fucking hate " " istg that's the worst emoji	1
damn guys... it's only now that i realized that when pornhub said there were hot singles near the area, they were actually talking about me	0
so i know when most people say "how are you?" they don't really mean it and it's just casual conversation, but... ...i hate it whenever i say it to someone and they say "good/fine"'or whatever and then don't even ask me in return! anyone else?	1
there's no interesting posts there's litteraly nothing interesting being posted. it's just shitty memes and selfies in new rn. i've never liked self post weekend, bud i'm startin to miss it	14
thanks for noticing my birthday. i thought my birthday would be like every other birthday ya know a normal day. spending it by myself and all that good stuff. usually people don't know when it is and i'm not really bothered by people not knowing bc i don't tell them. but today right around 12 am i got a bunch of messages from different people saying happy birthday! people i haven't spoken too in years or people i've only played video games with. people i haven't played games with since high school. just an abundance of people that i really didn't expect to know my birthday remembered which really fella a lot nicer than i expected it too. most people that messaged me are actually the people i've only played xbox and haven't met so really thankful for the people i've met on xbox. .	12
a girl just touched my package she helped zip my bag up later virgins	0
i am so bored and boring i have barely any friends and no one likes anything i'm interested in. my parents have friends who have kids but they are are girls so i can't really hang out with them and my sister has a great time. i literally have one friend group and they aren't even interested in what i'm interested in. like right now my parents and i are down at a friends holiday home and the friend has 3 girls and there is another friend there with two girls, my two siblings are girls and i'm the odd one out i'm older than everyone else but not by much and i'm just bored constantly. the adults are too old to really hang out with and literally everyone i can't hang out with. i'm staying here for 2 more days and i'm just so bored	7
um hi, im not new to reddit but this is a new account, so hi idk say something in the comments, be interesting i guess	1
i think my cat is dying, and i can't afford to help my cat is going on 9 years old. about a month ago we found him breathing very fast short breathes and couldn't move his back legs. this was in the middle of the night and we couldn't afford to take him to a hospital. the next morning he seemed fine, breathing normally but was limping on one of his front legs. we thought that maybe he had fallen down the stairs or something (we recently moved). we monitored him the next few days however and he returned to normal. then it happened again a couple weeks ago, so the next morning we took him to the vet finally. doctor took x-rays and blood samples. doctor said the x-ray looked okay and the blood samples didn't show any abnormalities. they sent us home with some antibiotics and told us to give our cat low dose aspirin. at the time we believed he was having mini strokes, but we're not doctor's. 2 weeks of antibiotics later he seems to be doing great, back to his normal self. last night, he was breathing fast again, and he sounded crackley, wheezing almost. we called the vet since it was during the day and they said he could have asthma, so the wrote a prescription for more antibiotics and a steroid. i picked up the antibiotic today but they didn't have the steroid and won't until tomorrow afternoon. right now my cat is breathing faster than before and sounds like he's got mucous stuck in him. ya know how you feel when you breathe in when you're really stuffed up and your nose will make weird noises? i can't afford to take him to the emergency room because it'll be minimum $1000. i don't know what to do, i'm just sitting here trying to keep him company...	4
thank you kind stranger ok ask me questions please. i am a girl (i need to mention it or else i don't get any)	14
letting a guy slap me during sex yea yea, didn't actually happen today. happened last month, but i waited because there's an ending to the story now. imagine this, you're partaking in some lovely, plastic bottle vodka. you're more than a little bit tipsy. and you're a single, horny 20 year old who... doesn't want to talk about the effects casual sex has left, for better or for worse. now that's not you, stop imagining its you, because its me. so i'm drunk and horny and have one consistent casual partner who's busy. there's a nice gentleman who recently was released from serving time that had been kinda desperate hitting me up. he genuinely is alright, had some really cool aspirations before he was put in a scary situation. i thought he was cute but casual sex with multiple partners does a toll on my mental health, it took being drunk to forget about my mental health and hit him up. kinda like he would end up hitting me. he comes over, we get drunk, things get lewd between us. its his first time having sex in months and he's rough. everything is consensual, he's very respectful in that regard. at some point one of his slaps hit the side of my head and it hurts. i react and am obviously in not-good pain and he instantly starts apologizing. then we continue, i wear him out, we pass out, and i have him leave in the morning. totally bragging, he's not the first to say it was the best he had. that stuff is one of the only things boys tend to like me for. i'm awesome my ear feels like it has cotton in it. if i pinch my nose, air comes out of my left ear. okay, this is weird. during my shower i tilt my head to get water in there, thinking this may relieve it....noooooo, no bitch it didnt. bless the bdsm lord in heaven who granted me coincidentally having a doctors appointment that day for unrelated issues la dee da i got to the doctor and say something like "you, doctor, why doeseth thy ear feeleth as if cotton is fucking shoved up in there." the doctor, cowering in fear of my threatening stature of 5'6 and 160lb, takes a peek into my ears. i have a perforated eardrum and some redness. its a medium sized hole. i demanded the medical fool make me an appointment with an audiologist that day. then i bid her farewell as i go to the next doctor. (for real though, the doctor was so worried when asking me how it happened) next doctor is like well it certainly is a hole and puts a little band aid on it. suddenly... no cotton in my ear. hearing is easy now. i told the guy who did it what happened and my roommate says i was too chill, she would have kicked him out. i wasn't even mad at him, it was funny. he was apologetic and offered to make me dinner soon. less than 2 days later hes posted pictures of him cuddling a girl on his snapchat story, the first one i swiped up and said it was a cute photo. he left it on read. then after a more affectionate picture of them was posted i was like "so you have a girlfriend?" and he responds yes and about how he doesn't want to lead me on or something and i immediately block him and his phone number. i've got really bad abandonment and trust issues so this fucks me up. i was barely attracted to him and had no intention of dating him, but his actions left me really sad. i continue my life and struggle with those goddamn putty ear plugs i have to wear in the shower. a month passes and its today. time to remove the goddamn band aid and find out my hearing in my left ear is gone and that my ear is necrosing. okay, so the actual results were that it healed wonderfully. i suffered no hearing loss (which is great because i'm also a little rave girl who tries to protect her hearing). in fact i learned my hearing is just fine in both ears! its symmetrical and good. i squealed when finding this out. so now we're here. i've got out scratch free (well they've healed by now) and suffered no real consequences. don't worry, still learned my lesson. i'd love to end this with something endearing like i'm now dating a great person and living my best life but sadly a whole 30-ish days later and still meeting awful boys who hurt my feelings. and still clinically depressed. although i've recently stopped drinking. whatever, i ended up with a absolutely hilarious story i'll never tell my children. tl;dr- boy slaps me during sex and blows a hole in my ear drum. was worried about repercussions initially. got hearing tested, all healed up with good hearing ability. ps sorry if my tones inconsistent or weird in this. i'm so fucking hangry and its all i can think about	0
my indian parents want to control every aspect of my (23f) life and i don't know how to tell them about my indian boyfriend (30m) and 'disobey them' while also being completely financially dependent on them. i have controlling, intrusive, but very loving parents and i'm just confused what i should do. let me start off by saying, i really have great parents. by the end of this post, you might not think so but they're loving, committed and dedicated parents who love my sister and i wholeheartedly. they would do anything for us. they've always been helicopter parents but i didn't mind this since they did everything for me (spoilt, i know. it's coming back to bite me in the ass). also, i come from a very close indian family but my mom, sister and i were all born and brought up in canada, so they're not super duper close-minded e.g. regarding gay issues, etc. my sister is a doctor, who got married to a doctor (off shaadi dot com) when she was freaking 23 and has never dated a single soul in her life. i am the black sheep of the family and have dated (all indian-canadians) before, which has resulted in lots lots lots of fights because i was still in school. now, i have a career path set i.e. i'm in medical school in the us, and so they have told me repeatedly that they would be fine with dating as long as he is: vegetarian, a doctor, comes from a good family, earns more than me, is from the us, etc. other than x, x, x, x, x and x, i can totaaaaallly choose my own partner a few years ago, at university, i met a guy (k) who offered to drive me home a few hours away (rideshare, not a big deal). my dad picked me up from the location where k dropped me off and because both my dad and k are friendly ppl (and both indian), they connected and kept in contact over the last 3 years. k and i knew about each other's existence obviously since we were the ones who originally connected but after that, it was just him and my dad keeping in contact. in november 2018, my dad and k met and spoke for several hours and got to know each other better (after almost 3 years of being friends!!). k loves my dad and is incredibly respectful. my dad is also super friendly (as opposed to my mom and sister) and really connected with k. in december, i connected with k because he offered to drive 10 hours from canada to where i am in the us to bring me something that my dad wanted to send. i, always had a soft spot for k as he was so kind and respectful towards my family, so i reached out and said thank you for offering but it's not that important and one thing led to another and we just kept on talking for a month. all day, every day, about everything. messages --> call --> facetime --> him driving out in person to meet me after 3 years! we clearly understood that we both really wanted to be together and things were going for us. we fell in love hard and fast and are so happy together. right off the bat, k introduced me to his family (back in india) and they're very kind, loving and accepting. over the last two months, he has come twice for a week each to spend time with me and we've gotten to know each other really well. he fits all my requirements: vegetarian, good job (engineer at a fortune 14 company), great (successful) family, he's getting his canadian citizenship soon, etc. he, however, does not fit my parents requirements: not a doctor (i.e. not successful in their eyes), probably won't earn more than me (engineer vs doctor), and is not an american citizen. it's heartbreaking that such trivial things will play such an important role in their minds. when k came here the first time, we got to know each other and once we were sure of each other, we told my parents that he was driving here for work and that he will have lunch together. i told my parents that "lunch" went well and we spoke for 5 hours continuously and really connected. i told them i really "liked" him. my dad (who i expected to be more chill, considering he was friends with k) told me to not encourage k romantically because he doesn't fit our list and that he's not a doctor/will earn less/not an american,etc. he also mentioned that how could i connected with an indian-indian when i'm an indian-canadian? such an idiotic point. my own father was indian-indian once. k is also 7 years older than me so my parents don't accept that age difference (5 is okay, 6 is okay, but 7 years is just unacceptable!!!!!). my dad even suggested him telling k to back off and i was like wtf this is between me and k why are you getting involved? my mom's point was different and mentioned that his family is probably looking for him to get married right now and to not get involved. i get that, but 1) his family is not looking 2) i am expected/want to get married in a year anyways (it fits with our family planning) 3) this timeline is good for both k and i. recently, my dad learned that i am friends with k's sister and he's upset by this. my family is just very controlling, and has a very toxic se asian mentality regarding professions, age, etc. i am writing my step 1 usmle exam next june and my parents are very stressed about that and don't want any distractions until then even though i was wholeheartedly allowed to date once i got into med school lol bullshit. i am going to be meeting my parents after a few months next week and i know this topic will come up i.e. do k and i talk? how often do we talk? do we like each other? how do i know his sister? and they will get very involved. they're very controlling, nosy, and intrusive. how can i address this issue? my parents seem to think that i'm a hopeless girl who leaps at the first guy who gives me attention. truth is, i tend to get a lot of attention from guys but i am very very selective. i need to convey to them that i am a strong girl who knows what i want and that they are wrong regarding salaries/doctor/etc. it's hard to do this and have balls when i'm completely completely finally dependant on them and they're paying 500k for my medical school education + extra. i want to be respectful but also want them to respect me as an adult. tldr; my indian engineer boyfriend (30m) and i (23f), a medical student, are in a very serious relationship but my parents are very controlling and intrusive. they want to control every aspect of my life and want to choose my partner. how can i convince them that i am a mature adult who doesn't want to marry an american doctor who earns more than me? how can i convey to them that this doesn't matter in this big picture and that connection matters more?	11
bye again guys i have work to do ugh bye. fucking math homework.	11
starting a relationship best friend so, im super confused with whats been going on. im 24 and have grew up with my best friend since we were pretty much both born. we'e always been close even when we were in our own relationships... ive always liked her but felt i never had the right oppourtunity to tell her. sadly 3 years ago her mum passed away :( obviously she lost herself.... she ended up meeting a guy, moved in with him after a couple of months and then foubd out she were pregnant- when she told me, i was over the moon but sad that it actually wasnt my baby. a couple of months after she gave birth they split up and she wanted help with baby and just some company. i basically moved into her house... within a month i already loved the baby and were getting even deeper feelings for her... i told her and she said i just need to chill and go with the flow. we carried on as normal, i continued to pretty mich live there. we then went out one weekend to the christmas markets in manchester and ended up kissing (after a drink) after waking up the next morning i panicked and got all my shit together for her house and left she then messaged a mutual friend panicking because i took all my stuff. i explained to her i was scared and just confused because i didnt knkw if she wanted anything to happen between us and that i wanted to start something with us. her response ' go with the flow, i dont want to rush' to whuch i was like wow, shes got to likw me! see how things go. so we continued as we were... then another night out and things progessed alot further (after a drink) now obviously im thinking somethings happening between us. things continue again as normal then just before chrismas she tells me shes going shopping with her ex to get presents... i totally understood and was glad she shared it for me. but the thing that annoys me with the ex is that when he goes to see the baby he has to stay in her house, because she doesnt want baby going near his new girlfriend... so when hes there, im not. now, im a massive otherthinker of everything so it does play on my mind, but i tell her how i feel and she just saays its for the baby. deep down i think shes trying told hold onto her ex, even though she tells me she doesnt love him anymore. i feel totally fine when im actually with her and the baby but whenever im at my mums i cannot stop thinkibg about them, i hate being away from them. its become a routine seeing them everyday. so when ive not seen them even for 1day i go insane, otherthink and get depressed so bad. i think i would feel so much better if she said she wanted to be with me but its always ' go with the flow' . so one more night out, my mum has baby and we go to oldham nye with our friends... she comes upto me matwr and says she always wants to be woth me when shes had a drink and that she feels confindent and not shy, she also said that when its just us and baby, (no alcohol) she only thinks about baby... she also says that she cant loose me as a friend, ever. ( makes me think is she scared tostart something or is she hinting she want to be mates?) me obviously thibking the worst, shes got beer googles and i feel pretty shit for a few days (ive not talked to her about this) so i leave wednesday mornibg for work and she barely messages me for 3days, even when she does its really blunt and she even messaged first one day, i replied then she replied blunt again. ugh haha! so in that 3 days shes not asked me to go up and my overthinking comes into play, the worst its even been. when i overthink i hate it, i cant stop and its only whenever im in relationships when i do. so this is where im stuck, do i carry on doing evrything as normal and hope something comes from it and have a mental breakdown when im not there or just tell her i need some space? ive been to hers today to get all my stuff (i had a key and she wanst at home) i told her i was going and she later rang me to check if everything is ok... i also posted the house key im an idiot right? i also have friends who say if we were both on the same page.. i.e she liked me as much as i like her then we'd be together? just messes me up so bad plz help :( i cant loose her but feel i will do and i really enjoy life with her tl;dr: basically am i in the friend zone, how can i stop overthibking, i cant loose my bestfriend of 23years	12
just had the travis scott burger u could say it was lit gillerifleleifleleifkeleifiwllfielfieltieoofieor	0
wait a second do blasian (black and asian) guys have big or small dicks?	10
cherish the people who make an effort with you i've been going through a really shitty time for a few months for reasons far too depressing to discuss here. suffice it simply to say that i'm incredibly tired and that i've been struggling to stay motivated. this weekend my best friend from graduate school drove 4 hours through miserable weather to come visit me. as the weekend progressed, i could slowly feel myself "coming back to life." i honestly haven't laughed or had fun in months and having her here was absolutely fantastic. we ate pizza and chinese food, we watched trashy 2009 episodes of "millionaire matchmaker" and we went to go watch captain marvel (absolutely amazing). and last night she went to the store and cooked me a proper home cooked meal, something i hadn't done for myself in weeks. so i just wanted to come say thank you, jane. i appreciate you, and your visit has energized me more than you'll ever know. i'm going to be better, i promise, and next time i'll be ready when you need me again	3
lmao i just remembered something a few months ago me and my friends were filming (was about to use shooting) a short film for a school project. i was using my uhh female friend's phone for filming and suddenly a notification comes in from the guy she was oftentimes shipped with and she put a beside his name. i can't stop laughing and now i'm using that as a weapon against her (get r3kt claudia)	3
what if we put our minecraft beds together	5
i just found a letter on my cars door handle it was the us army i was excited the whole walk to the car ffs	5
i still think abt that cannabis cafe ive been to last year in amsterdam i swear this is where i'll relocate when i get the money	5
i changed my girlfriend's tire today i've never changed a tire before and only had a general idea of how it's done, "make sure the jack is on the frame and not a panel!" "tighten the lug nuts in a criss-cross pattern" etc. but i did it all myself and i feel really accomplished and just wanted to share another important thing i learned: "unlock" the lug nuts before jacking up the car, but don't actually loosen them until the tire is clear of the ground. trying to turn a fully tightened lug nut with the tire off the ground just turns the wheel... also, one guy asked if we needed help and my girlfriend just said "no thanks, we're gay" and i just about lost it, i love this woman	6
in a correctly shaped toilet bowl, the incoming piss can be redirected up into the arsehole, making a fully organic bidet	0
i guess i'll start commenting again smh reddit virgin hahaha moment	11
well i won't be coming back to school okay so this is my first post but i saw this sub on a yt video and had to post this. so when i was about 11(i'm 17 now) i was still in 5th grade meaning everyone had to do the same thing as everyone else. well i had missed a lot of school due to a cancer treatment(i'm cleared of cancer now) and i had just gotten back for a history project. now this wasn't an ordinary project we had to do. we had to make an ornament of a certain country for christmas(or if you didn't celebrate it whatever your culture celebrated). now me being german/russian i decided to go with the one i was more familiar with russia. now my moms whole side of the family is russian so i figured i could get help considering my dad doesn't speak to his german family. so i got home after school and told my mom the project, she said "you can do this yourself you don't need babushka(grandma) or ded(grandpa)" . me being the persistent asshole i was then i said"oni vse ravno skoro umrut(they're going to be dead soon anyway)and stormed away. keep in mind we live in america at the time. now here's where i fucked up. i did my project over the course of a week....and lost it the last day. so i got to school the last day of the project time limit and didn't tell anybody i lost it. not even my mom. so i was sweating bullets at school waiting for 6th period(history) and then it came along. so we're in class and the teacher told us to put our projects on the mixed tree(that's what she called it for some reason?) and there was a box on the floor where you had to pick up your ornament. you can probably see where this is going. when i go over to the box i pretended to pick mine up and put it on....... but me being a dumbass i immediately thought "oh if i use someone else's they won't think anything of it". so i picked someone else's ornament and put it on then walked back to my seat. now the part hasn't even happened yet. i went home and for about 2 days everything was fine... then we get the phone call. principal"hi mrs(my moms name) this is the principal of (my elementary school) we have evidence that your son(me) has been found of theft we need you to show up to (my school) so we can figure out a solution. so we show up and there are four cops waiting for me. and i'm sat down in front of the cops and principal and the chief of police. we have a long talk of about 3 hours and by the end i'm in tears and handcuffs. we leave the school(without the handcuffs) and go home or so i thought that's where we were going. we ended up at a boot camp and i was told that i needed to talk to the director. so we go in and i sit in front of her she begins with a professional "hi i'm (director of the boot camp) " (i'm pissing myself atm) we talk about what i did and what would happen to me then she picks up a radio and calls the drill sergeant. about 2 minutes later a big hulking buff black man walks in and screams "on your feet soldier youre in my house now" i start bawling and saying yes sir yes sir i'm sorry sir all that stuff. and that went on for 15 minutes or so. i got my punishment of staying there for about three weeks. and obviously a whooping when i got home. moral of the story do your projects and don't lose them kids. thanks for reading this tl:dr	3
i just want to say my girl is so fucking beautiful and she always makes me smile and its just wow she is literally the greatest thing to ever exist i cant tell her that yet so im telling u guys that she is just amazing wow	15
i don't care if you're a piss baby or a shit baby... all babies suck all they do is cry change my mind (you can't)	11
post any drawings that you've done here! <url> <url> these are mine! what are yours? btw, sorry the first one isn't bright. edit 1: <url> he needs help. edit 2: shout out to /r/stevenuniverse! edit 3: all this art is great! great work, guys!	2
cameron boyce yooo did y'all hear about him dying ....!!? literally grew up with watching him on t.v. this is sooo sad	14
i have 0 friends bruh	4
leaving out scribbles of a dried up pen that made my partner think i was going to commit fountain pens dry up when they're not used for a bit, and i wasn't having luck with consistent ink flow on one of mine. in hopes to get it working, i started writing "help me i'm dying" over and over. i got it to work and went to bed only to wake up to a crying partner shaking me. all in all, it was a long night.. tl;dr: my pen was dying, not me	9
what do the teenagers think of my project so far [<url>](project) if you have any advice or comments to give it would be appreciated	0
i somewhat programmed myself as a kid and now i can't undo it everyone can be forgetful, i know that is normal. but as a 6 y/o child i thought it made me stupid. so at some point i had a *wonderful* idea, that if i pick a code word that i must remember every time i don't want to forgot something. if i do forget that something i can remember the code word, and coincidentally whatever i forgot would be remembered.! at the time it was a solid plan. however now i don't understand why i thought it was at all a good idea. i chose 'tin can' as the code word (don't ask why because i don't even know) the first few times it didn't work (obviously) still, i was determined! eventually if i forgot something, i wouldn't remember whatever it was i forgot but instead i'd only remember the code word 'tin cans'!this was annoying as i was supposed to remember 'tin cans' *and* whatever it was i forgot. a couple years pass (8 or 9) and i ironically forgot about the 'tin can' idea. but for some stupid reason i just remembered it out of thin air. and now ever since then, if i forgot something the *first* thing that unwontedly comes to mind is now 'tin cans'! trying to explain it in words is seriously difficult and i would be impressed if you could get half of it tbh tl:dr hated to forget things as a kid so i made a code word to help me remember. now whenever i forget something i can only remember the code word and nothing else.	1
soo anyone up for it? i've been on reddit for around 2 months and god it's awesome i have been wanting to make some new friends some memories here honestly i'm an introvert soo don't have anyone to talk to irl so anyone?	5
i'm sorry but if you cheat/are okay with cheating then i don't want anything to do with you call me dramatic but it just disgusts me honestly, even though i luckily have never been in the situation myself. i hate it when guys do it, i hate homewreckers, or when people know that it's happening but say nothing. i genuinely don't understand how some people do it and can just live with themselves... like wtf	19
guys it's hailing in california. we don't even get rain yk	7
i bought fall guys again basically i have 2 steam accounts and i was "family sharing" from my other account to this one, and i had most of my progress in the account it's shared with. but they just disabled sharing on the game so i'd rather keep my progress. $20 is nothing it is just kinda dumb. filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	4
don't talk to me i'm mad we lost the nations league	4
trying to clean my laptop fan so when i got home and put my laptop on my desk, i noticed it made a jangle-y sound. i instinctively flipped it over and took the bottom off to see what was wrong, and saw a screw had come loose and fallen out. it didn't take long to find where it went so easy fix. i figured while i had the bottom off i'd give it a dust since it had been a while. i saved the fan for last since it's usually the dirtiest. while i cleaned it, dust was falling back on the rest of the clean parts so i went to disconnect it, but it wasn't pulling out like it usually did. i grabbed a pair of pliers from my toolkit so as to have a better grip, but the teeth slipped and nicked a cable, breaking it. i panicked as this is my only computer for school, work, and personal use and i can't afford to go without it for long. i half-heartedly thought "it'll probably still work, the other cables are fine". unfortunately this was not the case and the computer quickly became quite hot so i shut it off. after this i immediately ordered a replacement fan which will arrive within a week, i can borrow computers from my school until then. fingers crossed the new one works tl;dr laptop had loose screw (easy fix) so i decided to clean while the cover was of. tried to remove fan and broke a cable rendering it useless. edit: <url>	12
my first day at a new job was today. i started operating a forklift at an alcohol distribution center. warehouse work. never driven one before but it's so fun! we unload the incoming trucks onto pallets then just move the pallets where they need to go. super simple, plus i'm making more than what i was at my old job which i hated. i also get a $1.50 raise after my first 90 days! my coworkers were all really cool and they made the day fly by. my girlfriend was kind enough to make me dinner and give me massage when i got home as congratulations for finally getting a job. i've been unemployed for a month after i got discharged from the army. oh well, tough shit, life goes on and i learned a lot of valuable life skills from the military. it's been a good day. definitely looking forward to that first paycheck.	6
there was this one guy revving his sports at the end of my street. i think he is trying to convince us that he actually has a big dick. for shame	2
posting a promise for $10,000 on reddit if an impossible thing happened and it was read nationally on the air. here is [the post](<url>) that made it on espn's dan lebatard show today. years ago, sioux falls had a big deal where we would try to get stugotz up here by giving him a key to the city, halftime show to him, a limo ride, golf outing, name the town stu falls for a day, etc. it's always been a running gag that he's a snake/slimeball that would never go through with it, and it faded off into the distance for awhile. so as a gag, i made the post (with intent to back it up) saying that i'm putting up $10,000 but subtracting $100 per day from the total until he comes here. while i quickly realized that the initial $10 per day would take 3 years to complete and changed it to $100 per day quickly, the one they read on the show was the $10 per day! you know how these (i'll do *x* until *y* posts go.... they take awhile to build momentum) i didn't expect the first day it would be found and read on the show live! now i'm hoping to be in communication to see what's to come next and how seriously i should start raising the remainder of the $10k should he head up here in the very near future. my gut said it was a stupid safe bet that the sub could enjoy, but now it could become a thing. which i would love and find a way to raise the money. tl;dr thought i was doing a funny gag post that would take awhile to be seen by a radio show, turns out they immediately saw it and it could cost me $9,000+	1
unintentionally creeping out a girl on the bus while on lsd and causing her to delete her porn account and posts to gonewild/gonemild of course this happened a few years back. i was taking a bus up to college, a total length of 8 hours. one of those greyhound type deals, but for some reason it was jam packed by the halfway mark (which i've never seen on a greyhound/trailways). i was flat broke, really going through mental breakdown after mental breakdown while rapidly getting sicker and sicker as my physical condition worsened. being 19 and depressed/suicidal/chronically ill, this was during my phase of heavy psychedelics use which lasted about a year. i had taken lsa (30 hbwr seeds) the day before and tripped mildly, figured i had enough tolerance to handle 2 tabs a homeless guy gave me (technically i was homeless too so, maybe he's just a guy ). it's 3:30pm when i get on the bus. i quickly grab a seat by the back, pull my headphones out, and get comfy. the tabs are in my wallet, the bus is nearly empty. i'm sipping my coffee which is infused with an entire gram of wax, listening to music thinking about the tabs. we stop at the second stop and now the tabs are in my hand, just looking back at me while i consider whether this is a good idea. a lot of the music on my phone is downloaded though youtube to mp3 sites, so no album art. i use poweramp as a music player for my android. i had downloaded a number of images from reddit porn subs so i would have some "inspiration" if i needed it. the picture in question was posted to gonemild that day. since the mp3s and images were in the same downloads folder, poweramp selected an image of this tattooed, green haired, girl with a dyed pixie cut in a matching pair of panties and bra. her face was very very clearly visible, tattoos, etc. very much a standard gone mild post. so for the 40 or so songs i downloaded specifically for this bus ride, when they are played with that app this girl's pic comes up. i would've fixed it if i had wifi or data, but i didn't notice it as i just downloaded everything and ran out. i'm in the back of the bus, i put the tabs on my tongue, and after waiting a half hour i chug the remainder my hash coffee. 3 stops, or roughly an hour, later the entire bus is being packed to the gills with college kids. still listening to music with proper album art. i keep my head down, just keep looking at my phone as i notice someone sit next to me. i'm extremely anxious as a person generally, i tend to avoid any and all eye contact, and this is when i'm not tripping. i drop my notebook and wind up speaking to this girl for a few minutes. i maintain no eye contact, just looking forward as i'm tripping sack already. a few minutes later she asks me a question about the bus route, and we talk again for a half hour roughly about college, money, anxiety, and **reddit**. i bring up a bestof thread on my phone and she gets visibility uncomfortable and puts headphones in after laughing anxiously. i figured it was nothing and thought very little of it. this is 4:45pm, we end our conversation and i look down at my phone as i continue to trip harder and harder. according to my last.fm, the youtube songs started playing at exactly 5pm. i just keep looking at my phone, headphones blasting as standing room in the aisles becomes occupied at the next stop, meaning there is now no way for me or the person next to me to get up. 6pm rolls around. my phone has been unlocked in my hand for the entire trip. what follows will haunt me forever: the girl sitting next to me happens to touch her elbow against mine. i look up from my phone and immediately notice her hair. the same exact haircut, same color. i look at her. no, not look. **i stare this girl down like some kind of crazed pervert trying to see through rolling fog at night in zero visibility**. i'm trying so hard to look through the visuals, and can't decide if my head is just fucking with me and this is just a hallucination. the picture is still open on my phone. i start noticing she has the same neck/shoulder tattoos, the same piercings, etc. after visually raping this poor chick while holding a picture of her half naked in my hand, i dart my eyes forward and proceed to freak out internally. i immediately lock my phone and proceed to turn as red as a tomato for the remaining 5ish hours. during the last 30 minutes a few people get off and this girl runs to an open seat. i finally get off the bus, get to my dorm, and decide to check on her reddit to make sure i wasn't just tripping too hard. it's all gone. i saved a large number of the pics for the trip, which i promptly deleted, but there was absolutely no question. it was her. **tl;dr music player on my phone used downloaded image as cover art for song in downloads folder, downloaded image was a full body/face picture of a girl who just happened to be sitting next to me on a fully packed bus where neither of us could get up for the entire ride. left my phone unlocked in my hands for an hour before noticing the girl was the same as the one in the pic once i saw her hair/tattoos. once we made eye contact and i saw she was practically dying inside i locked my phone and looked at my feet for the remaining 2 hours of the trip. once i got home i found she deleted all her posts and her reddit account itself.**	10
i just snuck out for the first time i went to the park and played hide and seek with the boys. didn't get caught	0
is it healthy to never forget? my best friend tom killed himself five years ago next week. i know everyone says you need to move on, and while obviously i've got on with my life i've never forgotten about him. i'm getting my first tattoo in a couple weeks in his memory, a semicolon that turns into some birds to represent him "flying away." i just don't wanna ever forget him. and i don't ever wanna let another friend down, so i always try and help all my friends if they're down so no one feels like him again. the fact i didn't even notice he felt that bad still wracks me with guilt sometimes. his death doesn't hold me back from getting on in any way, but is it healthy to not forget? a friend said getting my first tattoo in his memory was a bit much, but he was my best friend and i don't ever wanna forget him. thank you for any input people	3
does anyone know how to stay calm with severe anxiety? so like, does anyone know how to stay calm? like now, it's the evening and my anxiety levels are high and i really really don't want to have another anxiety attack. so yeah, does anyone have any methods or something? because i'll be more than happy to try them out rn because i need to calm down thanks!	1
well bois grils and everything inbreeen guess who just finished their exams too bad i still have another week left of school	0
stories. hey there! i'm bored and i wanna chat! lets tell stories! any type is welcome, scary, funny, weird. anything! i'll start. this one is kinda short but i thought it was kinda interesting. this story is a depiction of my stupidity. i used to "have" a herd of deer in my old town. they weren't caged in at all, they just roamed the forest around my house. i would spot the herd and make that click noise with my tongue and they would come running towards me and they would let me pet them and give them carrots. i would stand on my porch which offered some protection from them because they were still dangerous wild animals that could easily kill me. one got really close to me and i could stand on level ground with her and she actually let me pet her neck and head just like she was a horse or a dog. one day i turned my back on one that apparently was new to the herd and i turned around to get some carrots for her and she brought her front hooves up very slowly and stood on two legs but i turned around before she could make a move on me. it was so weird. it's like the didn't want to get caught trying to take me down. i just backed away from her and had no problems with her from then on. she was never aggressive to my face, only when i had my back turned your turn!	1
hiding a burn from my overprotective mom so a while back i went to a party/bonfire and the fire kinda blew up at i got a bit singed on the back of my leg. since i have an over protective mom i wasn't gonna tell my parents. so i decided to put lotion on it every night in my room. a couple nights ago i took my shirt, and pants off and put the lotion on my hand. so right when i put the lotion on my hand, my dad walks in and sees me just in my underwear and holding lotion on my hand. his exact words were "uhhh i'll let you get back to your business." go me (i'm 15 to clear the story up)	7
making me cry and pull out my gun	4
does anyone wanna chat with me, maybe exchange playlists or something i have an emo punk playlist, a sad pop playlist, a metal/rock/random wrestling themes playlist, and a rap playlist	13
hek u ear u suck i have an ear infection (which makes my ear hurt like hell) and i've been in the car for the past 6 hours and i still got 1 left	12
i'm declaring a r/teenagers republic it will be called the **teenagers most serene commune of vaduz and liechtenstein** and will be the most epic country in the world. i need fellow r/teenagers users to help me invade and form this epic nation in whats currently **liechtenstein.** it will 100% be free totally. q&a why is it called **vaduz and liechtenstein?** because i want full control of the capital **vaduz** while the rest can remain semi democratic will there be democracy sure as long as your not in **vaduz** then you can vote for one of my puppet parties. what will the flag be? [i made a post about that](<url>)	0
ruined my chances with a whole group of people. ah, isn't that a nice smell in the evening i was in a group chat like i mentioned in my previous post (that people are downvoting for no reason) and completely ruined my odds with everyone in that group by saying i was leaving because nobody was answering when i tried to start a conversation, so i left and now i get to live the rest of my summer knowing i fucked up my chances with like 7 people because of my shit social skills.	0
microsoft biggest problem to this day is "they don't know how to properly communicate with their audience." their have been moments when xbox one owners were left scratching their heads wondering "why would you even do/say that than". it's like the head of team xbox spends more time improving the future of xbox than actually rehearsing a script. from peter moore tattooing gta 4 just to announce it was bizzare and left gamers wondering "what the fuck just happened" and than the kinect "milo" tech demo, to that xbox reveal being just about "tv , tv and tv" and who can forget the infamous don asstrick "if you want to play offline, we have a 360 that can do it" and now phil is kinda going through the same phase. * hyping direct x12 and 6 months later just coming out and saying "it will only improve low level stuff * saying their only focus is xbox and than a year later bringing half the exclusives to pc * announcing that a windows 10 conference is being held and a week before it started announced that it will be closed door. * phil clearly said in the conference that he is looking into making an upgraded xbox but a month after went on twitter and said " it's not like i'm going to ship a screw driver with every xbox and than a month after that just said "he is not interested in xbox 1.5" so it's clear that microsoft is really having problems in properly communicating with its audience. i'm just saying what's on my mind. if you have a different opinion than i would love to read what you have to say. also just to balance the yang sony had the same problem back in ps3 day with stuff like "ridge racer!!!!!" and that " this game is based on historic real battles" and than a 10 feet tall crab just came out of nowhere but they did improved themselves during the ps4 launch till now and i want to see microsoft improve too. fingers crossed for this year e3. tldr; microsoft needs to make up their mind before saying anything. they speak too soon and than regret about what they just said and the only outcome is that xbox owners get more confused with each statement microsoft makes.	1
it's so fucking hot in my room it's prob just bc i'm in here	15
my best f's girlfriend was spontaneously kissed by a guy at a party who didn't know she had a bf and this is what he sent her after he found out hahahah simp detected okay claudia i really like you and your personality like besides that stupid decision we had a great great time. like after i left i thought about that conversation we had and i was like wow claudia really is such an intelligent person and i really enjoy your company. i hope you know that i really am mad at myself bc like firstly, stepping between you n harry is just so dog and i would be furious if something like that happened to me. and i should've connected the dots that you were official and even then the fact you like him so much should've told me to fuck off. but secondly like if i fucked up our friendship i'd be upset. thirdly, i actually have kissed someone before without asking and i was mad at myself and promised myself that i would always ask but i got lost in the moment and did it again. but dude, thankyou for being so genuine and considerate	1
do y'all ever just make yourself and your crush in tomodachi life or the sims and try to get them into a relationship or is that just me my mii is happily married and i'm saddily lonely	2
what's a good place to become a surfer dude? its been my dream to be a surfer dude enjoying the easy life. riding the small to medium waves on my surf board. without a worry in the world. any other dreams i had come and go, do i wanna be a family guy, a rich investor, a scientist... these come and go but deep down i just wanna chill on the beach and surf. so what would be a good place for that? a relatively cheap place, peaceful place, with access to a surf friendly beach? anyone know a place like that?	10
posting this from my new samsung note filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	0
bruh i thought i lost a bunch of old pictures i wanted but i found them on my old hard drive plus now i have 1tb + 1tb + 500gb all ssds in my pc now lol	8
letting my 12 year old sister swim with me resulting in a bleeding eye obligatory this happened a few days ago around four or five (tl;dr at the bottom) so, in my family, it's kind of well-known that me and my sister don't go well together, and if the two of us together aren't arguing then my sister's trying to kill me. so obviously, good peaceful times between the two of us are very very rare. that day i was in a good mood, and we were with our cousin anyway, so i was swimming in their pool, when my sister comes along and jumps right in too, effectively splashing at least a bottle's worth of water into my mouth (i was doing backstroke then) causing me to choke. i was like whatever i'll leave her be, i'll try be nice to her for once, as long as she doesn't pull something. but ykno wut, next second she pulls out four water guns from i have no idea where. and starts shooting everyone in sight. like literally. even the bodyguard. sometimes i wish we were allowed to put signs on people, because this sister of mine needed one saying danger please beware. and i'm not exaggerating when i say this. because when i come up from underneath the water, she somehow decides it's a good idea to shoot me in the eye, of all places, with the highest power gun she has. i can't see for a bit, cos the shot makes me go blind in that eye for around six seconds. and i just scream for a bit, because being someone with vision that goes wonky sometimes suddenly not being able to see kinda freaked me out. also cos i'm scared of the dark and it kinda felt like i just got engulfed by a wave of fresh black. i start feeling liquid running down my cheek out of my eye, and i just assume it's tears, so i start wiping it off my face. before my cousin starts yelling for my dad. yep, my eye was bleeding, thanks a lot sis. i'm fine now, but i ended up in hospital for a bit, and they had to check my eye, i don't even know what my eye looked like to make it bleed, but apparently they did something to let me see cos they kinda knocked me out for a bit. idk i just got out yesterday, and i'm feeling better, have to admit. but i can't say the same for my sister lol, she's gonna die when i get my hands on her tl;dr: let my sister play in the pool even though we hate each other to the point my sisters got me into a lot of situations where i get injured badly, and ended up being admitted into hospital with a bleeding eye cos she shot me in the left with a high power water gun	1
anyone who uses " " unironically is deemed a homosexual and i will target you during the next mass genocide	1
im proud of myself i was 1st place on my sisters kahoot with a name moe lester and everybody was laughing	0
ex f[19] assaulted m[19] well buckle up ladies and gents this is gonna be a long one. first of all let me apologise now firstly for the shitty format being on the phone and secondly for the shitty grammar spelling etc as i am still pissed. so lets take it back to where it all began, we were together when we was 15 she was my first love however unfortunately for us it wasnt roses and candles. she was in foster care with 2 absolute wankers they literally did it for the money, on top of that an adoption placement broke down so its safe to say she was dealing with some shit. well we went strong for the first year i mean yeah we argued lightly but it was just over random shit and we would always talk it through. well a year came pretty quick and that is where shit went sideways, the arguments changed they became more malicous. sex stopped the happiness was slowly being drained out of both of us. then it all got worse around christmas where her foster placement broke down so social services being effective as they are said she has to wait at least 4 weeks before they find her a new placement. lets bear in mind that she was undergoing abuse mentally they were putting her down every day she became suicidal with them and anorexic. so 4 weeks, well she couldnt do it so my family with their good ideas thought yeah fuck it lets move her in for 4 weeks. well let me just say this at that age do not do that ever, i lost my personal space even though i had very little i still go for a shit without the pressure being there and i shit daily, just that alone it wasnt worth it. however yes as the options stood it was the best idea, still pisses me off how we had to pick the slack up for social services - bastards. so eventually she found this new placement boom all well and good right? well nah why would my life be simple. that year was rocky asf going back and forth it was just so broken and tbh i cant fully remember my 3 years with her. well next christmas came about and my life went to shit, i lost my nana not like aww that grandma you see once a year nah nah nah the sort that was like my mother my voice of reason. she lived in walking distance so i saw her daily. oh and to top that motherfucker off i watched her die, with my older brother. we got a call from this service she had that like calls when shits going upside down and they called but we thought it was for me grandma (nans mum) so me and my brother were quickets option. well we got there and there she was brain hem had begun, time to meet your maker. ever watched the life go out of the person you care about most? causes some problems ill tell ya. so as you can imagine bit of an emotional state at this point, well my lovely fucking gf proceeded to be a massive wanker in the time i was most fragile. she had problems? she needed this, she needed that which couldnt wait till i was more stable nah nah nah the world revolves around her. slowly i began to hate her well it gets better. funeral came around and well that was a shit show my aunty organised it and she barely even spoke to my nana maybe like 3 times a year i mean she didnt even know my nana wanted it in a church till my brother spoke up . funeral was emotional but the after service that was nice until i sat with like a friend of years like we used to deliver milk in nursrey together on the little carts (loved that job) then my psycho ex kicked off with me started shouting in front of everyone and well simply made the day about her. that was like the cherry on the bakewell, depression struck hard i mean were still friends now so alls good on that front, soon after it ended i was broke by her and her selfishness. i blocked her on everything and i requested my family's support on this after being slapped numerous times by her they agreed. why if your a girl can you just hit people and everyones like nah its all good but if i choke slam her once shes attacked me im the bad guy? freedom at least from her depression still was there to greet me in the night. well we kept contact on and off many months after just to ensure she was still alright as she has no family. so we may as well fast forward to like now i mean there was wee arguments in there somewhere but my memory is so shit like lets just move on. i broke up with my gf of 1 year in november completely unrelated. happened to start talking to the ex as friends and i mean it was going really well. we went out for tea with other friends we spoke just enough it was like a miracle we was actually getting on. then we had a wee fall out the other day at like 3 in the morning because i said that grinding on your boss in a night club is unprofessional, well yeah okay maybe i shouldnt have said that but it was said in an advice kinda way. i left to avoid the argument and we sorted it. so yesterday we both happened to be in town drinking in night clubs and she has this control thing where she tries to get with everyone or whatever but im alright thankyou been there done that got the t-shirt. well i could tell that was affecting her, like oh my god someone rejecting her bloody hell god forbid. well we moved through the night then we got to this one place and i could see the cogs turning in her head. she approached me and said i was the best girl you have ever slept with and intelligent me being drunk said nah this other girl was who i was with for 1 year and she knows her and everything. well fuck me sideways upside down and on the roof, she walked away crying which i mean dont ask and cry if the answer isnt what you expected but yeah maybe should have no answered eh lesson for next time. she returned soon after, knocked my drink flying drenching around 15 people, luckily half of it was still there i left ya know people make mistakes or whatever well the second time she did it, it went fucking everywhere so a navy friend took the drink because if i dont have a drink she cant do it. still ignoring it at this point. well then she started using her drink, so i told her to fuck off. then she carried on so i lightly tapped her drink as a little do it again and its going off. well boom full drink was over me, she was pushing me and shit so i pushed her away and went to walkaway. she grabbed me scratched my arm so i pushed her to get off me. i headed towards the bar to avoid all the shit. well when i got there she was on hot pursuit so i tried ignoring her, didnt work she grabbed me again so i turned and told her to fuck off. at this point its clear theres a scene well the two navy lads stood in the way to kinda bodyblock so she started pushing them and they kinda just pushed her away and shit but then these other lads came over because we was pushing a girl, i mean it went malicous or any of that it was a simple fuck off. then these lads went for me so the navy lads were swiftly on that, im 5.6 and not very built where as them two well there dashing navy lads what else can i say. bouncer soon realised got all of them kicked them out. can i just say at this point my two friends who i originally went out with didnt back me in this i mean one of them blocked the psycho ex a wee bit through the night but they didnt really back me or fuck all. well psycho ex avoided that, she was still in the club. persistent as ever she was, grabbed me once more i went to go for a wee i mean when you need to go you need to go she refused to let go of me slapped me in my face. at that moment it was like when is it appropriate to smack her back? well a bouncer came round the corner and he got her off me but she still stayed in the club!! so this carried on through the night into another club too, ive got scratches on my arms and a sore face after being repeatedly slapped a good 8 times in total. my friends who i was out with (not the navy lads) they were playing to it like every time she cried and shit hugging her and all that even though she was slapping me and going and crying to everyone like id done something wrong. i spoke to them after like where was my support not physically but just like we have been mates for a good 10 years nearly i would back them in anything just expected it back and all i got was im switzerland. i mean im not saying im perfect or ive been an angel through it all but yesterday i just wanted a good time and i can honestly say if i sparked that i didnt mean to i just wanted to leave it. im looking for advice really like what do i do with psycho ex? how do i proceed? what do i do about my two friends as its clear if shit went sideways and the navy lads werent there i was on my own? tl;dr ex assaulted me in a nightclub	1
found out y it doesn't feel like christmas they started drinking at 12 in the afternoon. now they're just stumbling all over the place u would think after the mess that christmas was last week they would stop drinking right no absolutely. they started drinking at the same time they did last year i think im being a little dramatic but then i remember all the trauma i went through from my biological father's alcoholism so i think it's fair that ive locked myself in the bathroom for the past 2 hours	19
hey are you a ritz cracker? cuz damn you're salty	0
girls and guys, what are your insecurities? ask me if u even wanna know mine :d i'll try and respond positively to everyone	10
y'all youngsters if i'm scrolling on this subreddit and see a post with a user who's flair is 13 i instantly become skeptical of whatever theyre gonna say. does this happen to the older people on this sub when they look at my posts?	10
i just achieved a one-year streak on snapchat well actually it was 2 days ago and i just realized now but well	5
i (19m) just got together with my (19f) friend but regret it kinda she was already my friend and we matched on tinder and talk for a bit then decided to see toy story 4, she invited me over to stay and kinda asked each other out and she told me i better not use her for sex (which we did have the same night), but i have so many things going on in my life right now and not enough time to sustain a healthy relationship but i already said i would love to have a relationship with her right now, i feel really bad about this i should've thought about it more. i do really like her but don't have the time how, what's the nicest way to break it to her? any help will be greatly appreciated	8
finally exchanging dialogue with this girl... so there's this girl... so some quick backstory. in high school, i had pottery class, and this girl would walk in every now and then and would make great work, but i never really got to know her. now, about 2 years later, at the beginning of 2019, she happens to be in my drawing class. as i entered the classroom on the first day, i minded my own business, reviewing class procedures with the teacher. suddenly, we were ordered to form into a circle and introduce ourselves and state an interesting fact about us, and being me, i saw each person's face, and i noticed that girl, and she mentioned my name, saying that she liked one of the things i said as an interesting fact as well (which was pottery of course). later on in the class, we proceeded to wait during a break, and she followed up with "hey, didn't you have so and so for pottery" and i respond with an exclaiming "yeah, i've seen you before!" and we established recognition. anyway, i've been eyeing this girl to get to know her a bit better, (not sure if i'm in love, but do want to learn more about her) and little by little, i've been trying to slip a few words to get into a conversation, but today, i felt like it was the most i've been able to talk to her. i had attempted to strike up a conversation on our class in the past, and i deemed it successful, as we both took turns during the conversation to rid any awkward silences. today, i gave her feedback on somethings in class and just conversed more than usual. i had complimented her artwork the last time we had class, and today, might you have it, i received a compliment back...coincidence? and randomly, i've had dreams where i've been trying and ended up talking to her. any inputs from you all? and that ladies and gentlemen, is my achievement of the day!	10
im sad rn but watching politics is making me feel less sad now this is an epic pogchamp moment some nights u dance with tears in ur eyes	18
anyone here into cosplay? genuinely just stretching out all my sentences so it's enough to where my post doesnt get taken down by auto mods. but anyone here into cosplay and wanna share cosplay pics i have no one to share mine with need some cosplay friends.	13
i need the i need the cyberpunk soundtrack on spotify that asap rocky song goes hard	5
will wearing a beanie course my hair to fall out ? this is probably a really dumb question my hairs curley i don't know if that makes it fall out easier or someshit	1
wooo 169 followersss hehe funi number this is horni post wait no it isnt haha idk but im not horny or ar u	5
i need friends yes quarantine is making me sad so i was wondering if anybody wanted to be friends	0
that was scary... only one person maybe two people know what im talking about i forgot you had a bot im sorrryyy	7
the real reason why people really hate tik tok first of all, i'd just like to say i'm not one of those instagram bad reddit good people. my first reason is pretty obvious. they're dances/trends are really unoriginal. as i said, this ones pretty obvious as you can see the same dance from the same song done by multiple people, these videos get millions of views for what. next point. tiktok is super toxic. if you've been on the app for at least a week you'd probably find the "alt" side of tiktok. these people think that they have some sort of advantage above straight people because of their sexual orientation. as you might think, this might cause a lot of problems, which it does. last point and possibly the most important. tiktok basically fuels out child porn. yes i want people to have rights to their own body's and i want people to express themselves but there's a point where you cross a line. there's one trend that's probably the worst which is the "doggystyle trend." yeah you heard that right. anyways thanks for tuning into my rant i hate everything and everyone bye lol	19
i'm sadistic without the istic	2
i have to leave you, teenagers. how my mom would say. "old spice has made a sexy ***m a n*** right out of my >!son!<"	0
i accidentally just called my entire family it was 1am for most of them and i could've woken them up, let's hope i don't get in trouble.	19
would like an outside perspective on this conversation between my ex-gf (19f) and i (22m) i was left feeling very overwhelmed by this conversation with my gf at the time (now ex). i can get pretty anxious and shut down in intense confrontational moments and this was one of them. i started to disassociate a bit when things got really heated too. she was very angry with me, and what she said about me needing everything decomposed stung but i suppose its the hard truth, and the reason why i am posting here now. i would like to better understand what exactly went wrong and how this conversation went downhill. i understand my anxiousness and insecurity caused a huge misunderstanding, and i was getting jealous/envious of the guy she was talking about. i can see that i also did put words in her mouth, and i misinterpreted what she was trying to tell me, which was wrong. did i come off as though i was making accusations? i kind of just wanted reassurance more than anything. i know these feelings are not good, and i know i can't control who my partner sees or what she does with her time. i tried to not make any controlling statements or come off as insecure/jealous, but deep down i was. opening up and expressing my emotions (especially when they are negative) can be difficult for me. i know i should have communicated better, i'm still full of regret for not doing so. there were a lot of questions i wanted to ask but didn't want to come off as jealous/insecure. i will also mention we were long-distance at the time so this only heightened my envious and anxious feelings. i'm just still a bit confused and hope to get an outside perspective. what did i say and do wrong? what could i have done better in this situation? how can i improve myself to be less insecure and communicate/express my feelings betrer? also, i tried not to make a big deal of her skipping class because i would be a hypocrite if i said i never skipped class to hang out with friends.. anyway, here is the text convo: her: i slept so early babe me: hey :) her: heyyyyyyy me: why'd you sleep early? her: i was tired me: aw okay. i just got home a while ago her: i skipped class. to spend time with a friend. he's graduating this month. welcome home darling. _(at this point i started getting anxious about this friend, who it might be, and the fact she skipped class. i tried not to let it bother me but the feeling was there)_ me: oh awesome haha, congrats to your friend! and thanks boo. her: thanks _(7 min pass by)_ so me: sorry babe was watching a video haha her: whats funny about watching a video? _(i can be kinda awkward with my haha's sometimes honestly. sort of like nervous laughter i guess)_ me: nothing? you celebrate with your friends? _(i mentioned the plural form because i was curious as to whether it was just her and him, or a group of friends)_ her: celebrate what? that i skipped a practical class? nope me: your friend's graduation.. her: no me: are you okay? her: i won't be going. no, i skipped an important class. me: okay. why did you skip it if you knew it was important? her: idk, i wanted to spend time with him _(my anxiety went up even more here. at this point my mom had called me to help her with something though)_ me: i have to help my mom for a bit her: oh okay me: i'll text you later, if you're still up? her: when? me: idk, maybe half an hour her: i guess yeah me: okay. i'm back her: welcome back. that didnt take long. but i'm glad me: thanks :) why was the class important babe? her: it was the first lab class of histology me: ohh her: yeah me: well idk, i guess don't feel too bad.. you can probably recover. what were you and your friend up to? her: we just talked. and walked from time to time me: oh okay. you guys old friends? her: for 4 years. but we didn't meet until i started college me: how's that? her: well, we met on instagram. i think he sent me a follow request. and like then we talked a bit there. and we have similar interests and stuff me: oh her: yeah me: well interesting way to meet a new friend i guess _(my insecurity was increasing, i started to feel threatened by the guy, wondering if he was interested in my gf romantically, thoughts like that. i think this was wrong of me to say about how they met though)_ her: i guess me: that's cool you guys know each other in person now though. so babe, what are your interests? _(honestly i was more curious as to what interests they share together but was too afraid to ask, so i tried to make it about her instead)_ her: my interests? me: yeah haha her: feeling guilty after doing something i wanted me: like what? her: spending hours with miran me: miran? her: my friend me: oh her: yeah me: so you have like a guilt thing? her: guilt thing? me: idk this is weird. what are you trying to tell me exactly? her: nothing. i told you about my day me: yeah but i don't get the guilt thing her: idk me: i mean i understand feeling guilty for skipping class, but saying you have an interest in feeling guilty sounds.. idk her: i never skipped class on purpose no i dont! ugh you'll never understand me me: yeah not with that attitude. what are you expecting me to do though? encourage you to skip class? _(i was getting pretty defensive here)_ her: i dont have an interest in guilt no me: okay. maybe not an interest in guilt. i guess i did shorten your exact words her: i do not have an interest in guilt me: alright. i was just confused by this _"feeling guilty after doing something i wanted"_ her: sarcasm you goddamn you really dont easily understand things one has to decompose everything to you me: so decompose then her: i have no patience for that. youre the one to consider being wiser and more open eyed. you dont have anything to say? me: no the floor is yours her: it's about our fucking stupid relationship. it's not about me. fine. _(this cut me really deep and hurt a lot. i didnt know she felt this way about us, and i just didnt know what to say or why she felt this way.. but i realize i was just making things worse)_ me: you said that i'll never understand you, and as much as i want to believe that one day i will, i know you're right her: why aren't you talking? me: talking always seems to lead to the same outcome. or maybe i just suck at talking. idk her: i really hate your guts right now. and youre lucky youre not here or else i'd have ripped you to pieces with my bare hands out of anger me: is that what i deserve? her: it's not about what you deserve. it's about what you made me feel me: what did i make you feel yar? her: angry me: i don't know what i did to make you angry her: you talked shit. so me: wait. i think i know what you're talking about, but can you tell me anyway? _(i know at this point i probably seem incredibly dense and stupid. i was thinking she was upset with me and the relationship because of something i said earlier. i was just really confused and lost)_ her: tell you what?!?! grow the fuck up goddamit what have i been talking about all this time ffs i dont wanna talk to this mindless idiot wheres my real bf?? me: is this what you're talking about? _"so done with that cooking shit"_ _(i tried to get into cooking earlier, something she loves to do, but i gave up)_ her: no. this shit _"i understand feeling guilty for skipping class but saying you have an interest in guilt sounds.. idk"_ i cant type without mistakes me: i'm sorry for saying that yar. i got a little jealous _(massive understatement)_ her: you could've said that hours ago you fuckhead. sorry for calling you that me: thank you. i'm sorry for letting my insecurity get the best of me and worrying about nothing/misunderstanding she didnt reply after this but messaged me the next morning. her: hi me: hey her: how are you? me: still a little tense from last night honestly. i got really anxious from some of the stuff you told me. i felt like a deer caught in the headlights her: which stuff? me: stuff about your friend. i was already a little envious that you skipped class to spend time alone with him. but when you said he started talking to you on instagram first, i got negative thoughts about the stereotypical "sliding in the dm's to try and get in her pants" kinda thing. then when you said the guilty thing i didn't pick up on any sarcasm because i was already in a panicky headspace her: hahah no no me: well okay, thats reassuring. i got anxious for no reason then. how did you two meet in person anyway, he goes go your uni? her: yes. yes. he's in vet. last stage me: oh cool. hope he does well after graduating. so how have you been? the subject changes and we go on to talk about other stuff. i know i have a lot of personal issues to work on, and i have a lot of personal development ahead of me. i would really appreciate any feedback on how to improve and where i did things wrong. thank you if you took the time to go through all of this. tl;dr: gf (at the time) mentioned skipping class to spend time with a guy friend. i tried to play it cool and not show my jealous feelings but they ended up manifesting anyway and tore down our communication, causing a huge misunderstanding. where did i go wrong and how can i improve my communication? how can i learn to be less anxious and overcome my insecurities before hurting my partner with unnecessary drama?	1
wondering if it's weird to hang out with younger coworkers. hey all! i hope you're having an amazing week, and to those who are starting the 3 day weekend... make the fucking most of it! so, i've recently moved from portland, or to northern california, and started working with some really cool, down to earth, kind hearted souls. i've been with the company we collectively work at (i'm currently at 2 different stores) for 6+ years and i'm their supervisor. i'm about to be 31, and the ages of the two coworkers i don't work with directly anymore, are between 18-21, and the other one i work directly over, will be 18 in a few months. ive had some fun times working together with the 2 i no longer work with, and like to continue the relationship since i'm new to the town, but am worried it might seem a little weird. the other person that i work directly over is young and we connect on music like everyday and share new artists through text, and have talked about going to a concert together. i'm just having the same troubling thought hanging over my head. am i too old to be hanging out with them? is it weird or will it be perceived as a little off? and so it's clear, i'm male and all of the fellow coworkers/ friends are female. i'm in a very comfortable and stable relationship (13 years) and this is nothing but getting to know some new people in a new town and i feel like it's always easier to do so with coworkers than alternatives(meetup/bumble/etc) tl;dr i'm not certain if i (30m) should be hanging out, outside of work with fellow coworkers (f,17,18,21) because of age difference and how it'll be perceived by others. thanks for any and all feedback and sorry for format, on mobile.	0
tip my ex by pretending im pregnant background: we'll call my ex james. we broke up around summer last year because i found out he was cheating on me. he ended up being in a relationship with the girl (who is now also his ex) and as the forgiving person i am, we decided to be good friends. tuesday night before i went to bed, i decided to pull a prank on james. now, i did it the night before april fool's so he wouldn't assume i was just joking. although i only got a response the next morning. meh, still perfect i thought. so this is how it went... (tuesday night) **me:** hey james... (wednesday morning) **james:** hi **me:** im really scared right now and i don't know what to do. **james:** what's wrong [mellamoescm]????? what's happening??? **me:** ive been feeling sick in the last few days, no biggie, but then i remembered i hadn't gotten my period for more than a month now so i took a pt yesterday. im sorry if im venting this out to you, i dont know who to talk to. **james:** no no no don't be silly i'm always here. what was the result??? **me:** what do you reckon? i dont know what to do james. **james:** holy shit. do you know which guy this would be? **me:** yes but i don't know if i should let him know. **james:** it would be a good idea just to warn him. if you don't want him involved then tell him that too. but you shouldn't go through this alone. look, the truth is that this is such a shitty situation and there's very little i can do about it. the choices are all yours to make. you know what choices you have i don't have to explain that. if you need money for anything just tell me and you'll have it. look i said i care about you and i meant it. so i'm not leaving you alone with this. but this is all your decisions okay? so decide if you want to keep it, decide if you want the boy in your life because you need to make these decisions now. this is when i knew i fucked up. he had no idea i was just messing with him, i started to feel bad so i told him "happy april fool's you cunt," however for some reason he didnt receive it and instead sent me another text. **james:** i talked to simon (his best mate) to try and get some ideas. he said he has no idea why i'm still talking to you when you've never been interested in my friendship. he said that if he was in the situation that i'm in right now, he said he'd tell you to get fucked and that you deserved it. but i'm not simon as much as i pretend to be. i care about you far too bloody much to be fucking rational so like a retard i'm sticking this through and helping you. i kept sending him messages that it was just a joke but later found out he hasn't been getting anything from me (imessage was probably acting up). when he finally knew it was a prank he said he has been worrying the entire day and was thinking of ways of sending me money, confessed that he still likes me and he wants us back together yadda yadda. tl;dr got my ex to believe im pregnant, he said he's going to stick with me through it and wants us to be back together with a possibility to raise the (non-existent) child together even though he's not the father. i fucked up because i don't think the feeling is mutual.	2
yeah first semester is done but we have to do another semester please i barely survived first i can't do another	7
so basically >gets motivational >fuck it i'll do it tommorow >sleep >why didn't i die in my sleep, looses motivation	2
what are your tips for getting over social anxiety? mine isnt crippling, but it *is* there. ive known some friends for three years, yet when i talk to them, it never comes like i'm "myself," you know? maybe i'm saying and reacting what and how i think they expect me to say or react. and i constantly fidget lol. i have to consciously think about not fidgeting when i talk to some of them haha. what are some of your tips to being more "yourself" during conversations? also, these are some of my only friends so i guess i'm nervous about losing them.	10
dear incoming fishies * for the love of god do not skip classes because you will end up like [this tweet](<url>) * befriend at least 1 upperclassman * please do your homework im begging yall * dont be a twat * walk fast and dont be in the middle of the halls just standing around, youll get ugly looks * if your schedule doesn't work, go talk to a counselor. i had 9th period math (6th-10th period b days) and i literally lost all my brain cells by then so i got it moved to 6th * buy an upperclassmans old notebooks!! i saved all mine and i made bank and it helped my lowerclassmen peers a ton * befriend your teachers but don't become a teachers pet * learn to write professional emails * make a portfolio * make a resume * join a club!! uil, sports, debate!! anything!! * do not come to school with every supply on the first day of school. itll save your back and some embarrassment. bring a notebook or two to write down what you actually need for each class. * make study group chats * make time for yourself but dont make it a habit * eat meals!! please this sounds so basic but please please eat something or youll be drained all day and you wont be productive if you think of more, add them. ill be here with advice for you little fishies!! i do dual credit too so feel free to ask abt ap classes and college.	13
i just got a call... i just got a call from my doctor and her response to when i first said "hello" was "hi is this insert my name's mom?" i was terrified mind you i'm 18 and i don't have a good relationship with my mother so i legit panicked!! and said "no it's not her mom it's *my name.." moral of the story i'm glad i'm an adult now & i don't have to deal with my parents. bye.	6
ok i'm out of coins now no more awards from me	2
i discovered a new way of making grilled cheese sandwiches, and i just can't go back now. so a few days ago my step-mom's brother mentioned to me that, apparently, if you make a grilled cheese using mayonnaise instead of butter and cook it at a lower temperature, it'll have a more intense flavor. now, despite my lactose intolerance, i have an almost love affair with all things dairy. so i've been stewing over this for several days and decided to put it to the test. and it was amazing!! definitely different but not unpleasant. has anyone else experienced something similar, either making something more delicious? or accidentally making something worse?	9
write about a strange experience that you've had - one that can't be explained rationally just as the title says. i would like to hear all about the strange experiences you had and still can't get your head around. i would like to pitch in with one or two, but unfortunately my life is boring and completely explicable	9
i made a touch id with my penis i was in the bathroom with my phone and i was board when i thought to myself, can i make a touch id with my penis, it worked and now i can open my phone with my penis edit: later virgins	0
if i eated soap. i dont eat it bc i did. no i didnt	3
drunk and slightly sad, chat w me to keep it please i really enjoy super hero movies and saw every one this year! besides that i'm just a history major, doing good and trying to get into law school. went out tonight and had a good night, now i'm just lazy drunk and half sad	8
what do you think about or do as you fall asleep? i used to fantasize about happy thinks when i was younger as i fell asleep, nowadays that stopped working so i just reddit or youtube until i fall asleep. then i wake up in the middle of the night thinking about work stuff and can't go back to sleep	12
forgetting social decorum at my wedding this happened on saturday, and i'm still cringing. i got married to my lovely wife (!!!) over the weekend. i was pretty overwhelmed when she came down the aisle in her dress and she looked so amazing and beautiful. we did the whole "hug the parents and get up in front of the officiant" thing and once we were up there, i just took a minute to appreciate how good she looked. she was wearing a really sexy dress that was tight down almost to her knees. her backside looked great and i gave it a little squeeze. she jerked away from me and looked at me with so much disbelief and then i realized what i had done. we had our backs to everyone and they all just saw me grope my wife. the groomsmen and bridesmaids were cracking up. my in laws and my mother looked horrified. i'm surprised my wife didn't leave me right then and there. we managed to mostly pretend it didn't happen and move on with the wedding, but once we got to the honeymoon suite, my wife wouldn't let me consulate the marriage until she could express that i am a dumbass . but it's okay, all is forgiven and maybe she'll laugh about it in 5 years. maybe. tl;dr i grabbed my wife's ass in front of everyone we know.	9
my exams are finally done i can finally become active again. damn, school school made me tired	4
be honest with yourself to be fair, you have to have a very high iq to understand rick and morty. the humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. there's also rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation - his personal philosophy draws heavily from narodnaya volya literature, for instance. the fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about life. as a consequence people who dislike rick and morty truly are idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in rick's existencial catchphrase "wubba lubba dub dub," which itself is a cryptic reference to turgenev's russian epic fathers and sons i'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as dan harmon's genius unfolds itself on their television screens. what fools... how i pity them. and yes by the way, i do have a rick and morty tattoo. and no, you cannot see it. it's for the ladies' eyes only- and even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 iq points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.	1
cooking shows, is that a hair? in all the cooking shows i've seen on tv no one ever wears a hair net... i'm guessing it's so the contestants look good... there is attention paid to hand washing & cross contamination, but not getting a hair in the food... just my opinion.	8
made a site i post daily memes on it link: <url>	6
howdy y'all guess who just finished their last day of school time to yee haw into summer vacation	0
ok but can someone just straight up h*g me	5
i did it guys! i'm 19 years girlfriend free! let's shoot for 20 just because i can	0
i finally graduated from college and will go to japan and taiwan next month for 4 weeks :) hello cc, i finally graduated from college and got my degree. i dropped out and worked for full time for year. however, i wasn't satisfied with my current situation and realized i needed to go to college to get a degree. i finally got my degree after 4.5 years and will travel to japan and taiwan next month. i don't have told anyone about this, but i am really happy with for first time in a long time. i had bad grades and self esteem issues through out college and wanted to quit again but i decided to push on. after a lot of struggle i finally finished it and i am more positive what the future brings. also excited about japan and taiwan obviously	8
can you know if a girl is into you or just being friendly? like there is this girl that i really like and she pretty regularaly calls me cute, creative and smart and randomly hugs me and touches my arm maybe this is a no brainer idk? i just have no genuine idea, but if u have u would be so cool to share it	0
an avatar series with twins would be cool. maybe 1 twin is the avatar and the other is a non bender. that would be so cool and a really interesting series to watch. it could be a journey about a jealous non bender and his avatar brother. or maybe a series about a perfect non bender brother who is good at many things and the avatar isn't good at anything. my other idea would be to split of the bending so each brother gets 2. 1 bro has fire and water and the other has air and earth or 1 has air and fire and the other has water and earth. they have to work together to save the world but maybe along the way one goes rogue and joins the dark side. i think about this shit too much	1
you dont need a girlfriend you need homies like me	0
my boyfriend needs to stop making me giggle so much i look so stupid, smh my head	16
i've told my best friend[24m] that my younger sister's[21f] cheated on him with his younger brother[18m]. now i'm guilty of destroying a relationship between siblings sigh......i'm sry to bother you with this guys, but there's not really any other place were i can let this out, so pls bear with me for a moment. my younger sister and my best friend were together for the past two years. i knew my friend since we were 9 and from that point on nothing could get in between us even though we have a fight like every week, but 5 minutes after that we're already doing stupid shit together. he's a very kind, but also naive person. he eventually got together with my sis, i played a big part in getting those two together, i always thought that both of them really love each other, i'm sure he did. but, just 2 weeks ago, i've caught her and his brother together in our house. me and couple friends ( including sis bf) went on a trip for 3 days, but i eventually got sick and decided to head back before it gets serious. he wanted to accompany me back but i've managed to talk it out of him, why should he not have fun because i got sick, that's what i thought. i returned home, went upstairs and eventually have seen them in my mom's bed ( who was on vacation). they were asleep, his used condom on the floor and it was just disgusting. i was so angry that i nearly stormed in there to kick his and maybe even her ass, but i calmed down, took a picture, and as my friend returned home i've shown it to him. i thought that it would be the right decision but now not only my relationship with my sis is ruined , that of his and his younger brother too and i feel very guilty of that. my sis said that i've fucked up a relationship between siblings, that i'm a snitch and that it never would've come that far if she handled everything. tl;dr- sister's been cheating on my best friend with his younger bro and i told him. funny side note: when i changed the sheets of moms bed i told her that my cup of coffee slipped outta my hand on her bed really couldn't come up with a better excuse	9
i'm colorblind and i tried enchroma glasses today! i literally screamed. a friend of mine is also colorblind and he got the glasses as a present from his mom. i was sitting outside with a group and he let me try them. i looked over at some trees and screamed "what color are those trees?!?!" they were such a beautiful color! they were like an auburn color but i only saw green and brown. and there were flowers that looked grey to me but with the glasses they were pink! it was so amazing! i was so excited to look around and see things i didn't realize i had missed out on.	1
why am i simping i've never cared about someone so much and now i do and i hate it. i hate it a lot. fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.	14
who cares if one more light goes out in a sky of a million stars	4
she said yes!!!!! i asked if i was out of her league fml	2
feeling so lonely lately i've been so incredibly lonely being 22 and having no friends in my life. the only person i talk to is my ex of 6 years and we just broke up a week ago. so i've been completely spiraling and have been spiraling and struggling with my mental health all year but the break up put the icing on the cake. i live at home with my parents and sister in a 2 bedroom house. my parents and i really don't have the best relationship and they have put me through traumatic things in my childhood so being back at home is really isolating right now. i only feel happy and supported when i'm at my new mental health program which i go to for about 6 1/2 hours m-f and i've been there for about a week. i'm learning alot of things there but i'm still feeling so alone and isolated because i just have no one to talk to. i basically lived with my ex for 4 years and for the whole 6 years of my life we were together, he was my only friend. i even remember always crying to him and getting so depressed because he had friends and i just never did. so it's just so many emotions lately, if you read this whole thing is really appreciate it it's really hard to not have anyone to talk to	3
got banned from r/feminism for posting this actually there are many reasons why women get paid less 1. men are more likely to do more dangerous jobs 2. men are more likely to work overtime 3. men are more likely to take fewer sick days 4. watch this video <url> also 6. you girls accusing people of rape when they just touch you ruins their life 7. you have more than 50 more privileges than men <url> 8. the wage gap does not exist it's just a difference on how hard people work 9. i'm not saying that women can't be successful it's great for women to be successful 10. equality huh <url> where is the equality in this video if you want to have equality listen to other people just for fuck sakes read news articles not buzzfeed 11. here's another video of all those questions you need answered <url> 12. downvote all you want but just listen you girls are now no longer going for equality you want to be more powerful and if you say "oh but men did it to us" yes but two wrongs don't make a right get to be equal 13. this "ideal body" is not true being fat is not ok 14. many men actually like you without makeup and dressing "well" is actually look at how much money i used from my husband/boyfriend on myself 15. if i get banned so be it but i just want to put out some truth to let you very amazing women know 16. i'm a man but i sometimes agree with you women be equal don't over do it ok	3
why don't people get in trouble for publicly admitting past illegal drug use? before i being i would like to say i am not advocating that they should get into trouble, but it certainly seems self incriminating to admit using an illegal substance. i see it all the time, especially on interviews and podcasts people talking about past drug use casually, anything from marijuana, mushrooms, lsd, to heroin, cocaine and meth. it would be all over the news if someone were to casually bring up if they embezzled money or something. not saying it's the same, but it seems like no one cares, or rather they don't care enough to do anything about it. however i did notice a couple times that people never admitted to planning for a future event and would change the dialogue so it would be them speaking hypothetically. maybe there is a law that i'm not privy to that allows to speak on past drug use, just not future ones. or maybe it would be too much money to chase everyone's past for little reward. just something i was thinking about, let me know what you think! thanks everyone and be well! -sorry for any formatting issues, i'm on mobile.	9
one of my friends just told me "idc about covid " even though they are one of the smartest people i know. they're in the big city of my state rn, and i've known them for a while. but i have never been so fucking angry with someone i care about.	1
how we stay positive amidst the negativity 👩 <url>	3
hello gamers, i made a discord for teenage musicians of reddit! this discord is to help you grow as a musician, there is a meme tag too . i am the op of the post where i posted a picture of my cello. the discord is here: <url>	0
i'm so fucking addicted to boys and depressed as fuck because i can never get a boyfriend	4
are you today's weather? because you make me take off all my clothes	15
i am a 14m and i like a girl from school (14f) i am almost certain that she likes me but i don't know how to ask her out. please help me. we've talked in the past and she friendzoned me but after 3 weeks she sent me a massage with a in the end. so i asked her to go to school together and we did.... i want to ask her out and after that ask her to be in a relationship with me but i am not sure how and i am afraid if i wait any longer she will not be interested any more. please help if you are bored to read all this here's a summary: i am (14m) and i talk with a girl (14f) from my school i know that there is a grat possibility that se likes me and i want to ask her out but i don't know how. please help me .	3
singing to some plants. this happened yesterday, i'm currently in a lot of pain. i was at my boyfriends house and we have a small collection of succulents (plants) in the windowsill. we were just chilling when he asked me to water them, so i got onto his double bed and started to spray them with water. my boyfriends room is tiny and there's literally nowhere to stand on the floor so the only option is to kneel on the bed and crawl over to the windowsill. so i got quite into watering the succulents to which i started to sing to them and when i say sing i mean i was passionately saying some weird shit to these plants (i'm a weirdo). so i'm still singing as i'm turning around on my knees ready to get off the bed. i go to grab the corner of his wall so i could get off the bed safely when i miss the corner completely and face plant the floor (i will just add that i was still singing as i was falling which slowly turned into a yelp). i was pretty much doing a hand stand but instead of using my hands for support i was using my neck. i heard the loudest crunch as my face hit the carpet beneath me and my boyfriend, who was stood on the other side of the room hopefully enjoying my song before i decided to nosedive into the floor, was like "oh my god!". he was more concerned than i was, i literally couldn't stop laughing even though my neck and head hurt so bad. a few hours later i noticed i'd taken a chunk of skin off my foot too, god knows how i did that. as of now i'm in a lot of pain, my neck and head ache like crazy and the side of my face feels very sore and bruised and my legs are caked in bruises. so guys now you know to not sing to inanimate objects (can't say i've learned my lesson, it was only this morning i was at my cleaning job singing to the toilet praising it for being so clean) tl;dr- was singing to some succulents (plants), got so into it i managed to fall off my boyfriends bed onto my neck, i found it funny, he didn't, in a lot of pain regardless.	1
my (f22) boyfriend (m28) was up for a sex date but not for cooking my patience with my boyfriend has hit rock bottom. while we mostly get along, over the course of the past two months of dating we have hit a few bumps. * i asked to leave a party where i met his friends for the first time. a lot of them were very drunk and one of his friends insulted my outfit. i didn't want to speak in the cab about it. once we got home he yelled at me and kicked me out. we ended up talking it out and i slept over. * i called him to ask when he was picking me up and he answered the phone "ugh...." and then complained about a pimple break out. when i got in the car my first words were why are you sour? he told me he could take me home if i was going to be like that. he got mad and told me he was trying to be sweet and threw the chocolate bar he bought me **by mistake** as he claims. we resolved it by him saying he wasn't in a bad mood i just caused it by asking him why he was in one * i stayed up until 3am voluntarily and picked him up in a snow storm after being exhausted from work. we went home and drank a bit. we crawled into bed and he tried having sex with me even after i wasn't responsive. eventually i booted him off and fell asleep immediately. too exhausted and too buzzed to really do much of anything. he left the room pissed off. in the morning he claimed he thought it would put me in the mood if he tried. *i wake up stuffy in the morning and he's always pissed about it. he is a light sleeper and can't stand any noises. one morning he stormed out of bed and was short with me even after i asked him what was wrong. he then proceeded to "tease me" until i cried and left his place *tonight we had plans for a sex date after he was home for the night. i texted him mid day that i got my period and some crazy cramps so we could reschedule. at around 8pm i suggested we make supper together since he called asking for suggestions and now he doesn't want to see me since he needs a good night sleep. he said that we had changed out plans and had i of asked earlier in the day we could of done that. that because he hurt his foot and got home late he's tired so he doesn't want to see me. of course there are two sides to every story, and i'm sure i've been intolerable at times too. i really like him. he can be so loving towards me. we work through my triggers together. then there are times like this that i'm so enraged by the way he's behaving. i get to be myself around him and that's great. but the rest of this stuff isn't great. i haven't been acting like myself lately because of all of this. i usually get cold feet this far into a relationship. is this the kind of stuff worth working through or should you just drop a relationship this early? tl;dr my boyfriend and i keep getting in petty fights that i don't want to be having. how do i resolve this if it's even worth resolving. i've been picturing a life without him as much as i've been picturing life with him. i'm fed up. things that normally wouldn't bother me now are	11
y'all are all enough and beautiful! i hope everyone has a splendid rest of the day! heya, i haven't felt this happy in a long time and just want to send some good vibes out there!!! also, keep on the look out for the pink moon tonight and tomorrow morning, something to look forward to!!! if you wanna, share anything that made you smile today no matter how silly let's spread somee happiness	8
having someone love u, and u loving them is just- there's nothing else like it, i never in a million years could have imagine it, snipper if u see this, i really love you	3
yikes, i am getting a tad reckless on my spending. i have never been much of an impulse buyer because i usually wasn't making much. but i recently (about 6 months ago) got a job that uses my degree, and i still live at home, rent free. it's not like i'm in over my head or anything, but i feel like i really should try to focus on saving up more. but between having an interest in video games and one particular board game, i end up spending a lot of money. wondering if anyone can relate with me on this. any tips on how to save money? on a side note, has anyone heard of zombicide?	9
girl i will be the t568b termination time your rj45 connector	0
a psa/rant/advice about reputation that i feel is important to know. i also really need to get it off my chest. whether people see it or not. context: some strange/new things have a occurred in my social life recently, and i have really come to realize some things about reputation. it's something that can change in an instant. it's important for everyone to really stay conscious of what you say at all times. unfortunately, i personally wasn't and i have been completely screwed over by it. me, making a huge mistake and saying some things i really shouldn't have said, spiraled into a web of rumors and lies against me and others. though i didn't spread any rumors, some arose out of the situation. these lies have socially alienated me from my friends, and driven me into a state of depression. the worst part is, at heart, this is 100% my fault, and wrong doing. in the end, i hope to learn from this mistake/experience, and never make a mistake like this again. i think that's all i really can do. i cant tell you how bad it hurts knowing that you hurt many people from something you stupidly, and immaturely said. i'm trying my very hardest to get out of this tough spot in my life, and persevere. i'm sorry for the rant, but this really is coming from my heart, and i feel that this really is an important thing for everyone to know if they don't already. if you are going to say something, make sure that it is worth saying, and that it will not hurt anyone in anyway, no matter what the circumstance. even if it feels like you can trust those you are telling. it will get out! anyways, if you read this far, thank you very much for your time. maybe this is stupid and already known common knowledge... honestly idk. but i do know that it feels good to talk about this publicly, so thank you all for giving me that platform . i hope you all have a great day, and that maybe you learned something i guess. thanks a load.	3
pee pee poo poo yeah i said it what u going to do about it	0
my pp is hard while playing botw because of shirtless link	5
he won't tell me he loves me. my boyfriend (34m) and i (30f) have been together for about 15 months. we got serious pretty quickly. moved in together about 7 months in. everything's great. we communicate well. never argue. have talked about and dealt with some pretty serious issues we both admittedly have. we both have lost both of our parents by a pretty young age and are both only children. he treats me like a princess, very chivalrous and a perfect gentleman and i think he's so smart and charming. overall very happy in our relationship, however, he will not tell me he loves me. i felt i loved him within a few months and i thought he'd follow eventually, yet, here we are, 15 months in and no "i love you" from him. he certainly acts like he loves me. what gives? i've asked him so many times why he can't say it and he always asks me what it feels like to be in love, but i can't really describe it. i just feel like it's something you just know. has anyone dealt with this? it's not a deal breaker but one of my love languages is definitely words of affirmation and it's hard for me not to hear it. i don't even really tell him i love him anymore because i can't stand to hear him reply with "awww, thanks" or "you're so sweet" anymore. help! has anyone else dealt with this?	7
fiancee (f29) has lost in trust me (m36) and calling off wedding due to issues with an ex gonna dive straight in here. myself and my fiancee have been together for over 10 years now - when we started seeing each other there were nude photos sent between myself and my ex which my fiancee found and was obviously hurt by same. i have my ex blocked from everything: facebook, instagram, etc even her email address and linkedin has been blocked as i want nothing to do with her. about three years ago it arose that my ex has since done porn and i made my fiancee aware of this as soon as i found out - obviously i looked at it, i feel that if anyone's elses ex has done porn you're going to look at it, not because of feelings etc but cos your ex has done porn. as i have her blocked on everything, i created a second instagram profile in december, something to do with hair/makeup so she wouldn't think it was me as i have no interest to ever contact her or be contacted by her, so i could view her profile. drunkenly one night i messaged a couple of pornstars asking if they had worked with my ex and asked an old strip club she used to work in if she was going to be going back there - she's on the other side of the world in oz and i have no interest in ever going there, so it's not like i was in walking distance to the strip club! about a year ago, i came across a link on a porn forum which stated it was all her stuff - curiously i downloaded it to see what was on it. i told my fiancee about this folder and put it onto two memory sticks (i have a macbook, she has a windows laptop, so i wasn't sure which memory stick would work) to show her and because i deleted this folder from my macbook as i didn't want to see it again anyways. she said she had no interest in seeing the stuff and i just threw the memory sticks into my drawer with the rest of my memory sticks and hard drives. fast forward to january; we moved in together, actually moved country also, my fiancee finds out about the second account and messages, naturally flips out because it was horrible of me to go to the effort of creating a second profile to look at my ex of all people and messaging pornstars when i'm supposed to not care. i felt we have moved on well from that point up until two weeks ago. i remembered those memory sticks existed - they were with all my hard drives etc so whilst packing i threw all of them in together. i panicked, kept it to myself and tried to get rid of them without her knowing as i knew she'd have flipped and been hurt by me having memory sticks full of my ex's porn stash so i had wiped one, folder was in the trash in my macbook - i stood up and the second memory stick fell out of my pocket - she asked what was on it and i again panicked, lied and said nothing was on it. she put the memory stick into her laptop to see i had lied and there was 2gb of my ex's porn on it. i showed her i had deleted the first memory stick and it was in the trash folder on my laptop. so in black and white, i had a secret instagram profile to view my ex's profile and a stash of her porn in my pocket. i love my fiancee with all my heart and have been extremely happy since moving in together, i really can't wait for us to get married and i would never cheat on her physically etc even though she deems this as being cheated on. she also feels i am still attracted to my ex and would sleep with her if i thought i'd get away with it. i get she is really hurt, angry and upset but is at present calling off our wedding - she's already told her parents the wedding is off - i have no attraction to my ex and have no interest in ever seeing her again, whether it's her porn, social media or in person. i probably hate my ex a bit too much but other than that i have no feelings whatsoever. any advice for how i can show my fiancee i have no attraction towards my ex and she can trust me going forward that i won't be looking her up? tl;dr fiancee calling off our wedding as she thinks i still have feelings for my ex who i haven't spoke to in 8 years or so.	11
kibbe body type fans? anybody else familiar with david kibbe's body type system? i'm obsessed lately. it's my unicorn to find his metamorphosis book when i'm thrifting. i've asked anyone who might have books from the 80s still and no luck. i cannot figure out which type i am despite tons of youtube videos so i think i need the old school book method. (i still look up info in my books instead of google if i can ) it just seems to make so much sense when i watch the videos where they show dressing for your 'type' but no matter what i put on, it never looks...good.	6
i have to pee but i am 10000 feet in the air and the seatbelt sign is on	16
i played rasputin on just dance and got 5 stars no need to rush ladies	17
woah, i got 10 followers	0
today i smiled at my crush and she smiled back. later virgins	0
height literally doesn't even matter i'm literally 5'7 and i have so many women and i have so many sex very often	3
we're on our honeymoon! but we're introverts.. my husband and i are on our honeymoon in waikiki, hawaii! we've been together for 7 years (21f, 23m) and got married last september. problem is, we're introverts so find it hard to leave the hotel room for longer than a couple hours any ideas on what we can do to get off the beaten track? we're not sure how to go about it! we're from new zealand, so we've been relishing in the cheap technology and clothing. so far we've bought a smart watch, a speaker and a google home! absolute tech nerds :p share your stories about hawaii too! i'd love to hear them!	1
best games for iphone for a long haul flight? in the next few weeks i have a 8 hour flight, 14 hour flight, 11hour flight, 8 hour flight, 5 hour flight and a 2 hour flight gonna be bored shitless. need some offline mode games that are addictive asf	8
crippling anxieties each day i f (27) wake up trying to have a positive day but straight away my insecurities hit me that i'm delayed in life. i haven't got a drivers license i can barely cook or clean don't know much about world affairs haven't got a stable job and always rubbish at work have a health condition socially awkward. it sucks to be me	2
y'all ever just get so stressed out that you throw up and then develop a throbbing headache that won't go away	0
the only thing you people posting yourselves in skirts has made is made me remember why astolfo was trending in twitter not so long ago	5
almost ruining a talent show this fu was both me and my friend. this happened over the summer at band camp. at the band camp there was a talent show. we were kinda messing around cuz if i'm being honest i was bored out of my mind. the acts were mediocre and i didn't know anyone up there except for one person. my friend wanted to record her singing cuz she was really good. my friend opens her camera and was planning to record. all of a sudden demi levato is being blasted out of her phone "this is real, this is me" let's just say we died right there. the mom in front of us was pissed and bitchy. we never figured out why or how it happened but we laughed our asses off. the rest of the talent show was the angry mom glaring at us and making snide remarks. eventually she says to us "really? can't you just be quiet?" we weren't even talking and i was sitting there thinking bitch wtf. at the end she said "thank you ladies" that pissed me off tldr:blasted demi levato during a talent show performance.	1
just got a text from my crush's friend he says he has a crush on me. i genuinely dont know what to reply	4
my bf dumped me well, i'm pretty upset but i'll be ok :) a relationship doesn't define u and i'm not gonna let it	2
guess who accidently turned down a dance with the girl they really like? this guy	0
i have barely been on reddit the past few weeks i have been too busy playing skyrim. 1v1 me if you don't approve	16
ad break? more like heart break heart been brocken so many times goin dark dhmu boyz alexa play juicewrld	2
my (34m) marriage with severely depressed wide (33f) i'm not really sure what i want to accomplish by making this post but i feel like things aren't going to improve in our situation and maybe just getting it out will help me. i've been married for over 12 years and it's always been a mostly happy one (we've probably only had 1 or 2 major arguments over the course of the marriage). there are a few problems which i think may end up being bigger down the road however. i'm entirely responsible for us financially as they have both severe depression and a recurring migraine problem which makes work difficult. i'm generally fine with this, but sometimes it makes it hard to save (we don't splurge a lot, but we do buy things we enjoy from time to time since i never liked the idea of not being able to enjoy life cos of constant penny pinching). sometimes this is a source of stress for me but i don't think it's major. secondly, the aforementioned severe depression has basically brought our sex life to nothing. i am a very...physically intimate person and not being able to have this connection makes me very upset at times. i used to blame myself for it but since i got help for anxiety last year this has totally stopped as the therapy really really helped my own mental state and i am lot more confident than a year ago. my wife is also understanding to the point of letting me talk to online people as a sexual outlet (which i appreciate since it does 'scratch the itch' to a point) but this obviously isn't the same as being with someone you love in this way. i have always had a much higher libido but this part of the situation is getting worse with time. i understand that it's because of the depression they suffer with and i don't mean to blame them so i hope it doesn't come off this way. i've brought up therapy or meds before but due to experience with a very poor therapist in the past, my wife is reluctant to go down this road and medication would also be expensive. i am totally okay with spending money on this since i just want them to be happy again and want to help as much as i can. i'm not looking for people to tell me to leave since i still love my wife and enjoy their interests and passion for feminism very much. again i just hope that getting this out will be beneficial so thank you for reading this. tldr : wife is severely depressed and it's becoming an issue. also the use of 'they/their' is because they identify as nb.	6
what should i do? i've been with my partner for 3 years. a year ago i discovered he'd been in regular contact with an ex girlfriend in another state. my partner left his phone at home and it kept going off, i unlocked it to message the person back to tell them he wasn't home and it was her. once i started reading i couldn't stop. although the conversation was flirty, it wasn't inappropriate (nothing sexual, no nudes etc) but my partner disclosed a lot of problems in our relationship at the time and there were statements like " i miss you" and " i wish you were here" from both parties. as well as this i discovered that every day while i was at work they were having phone calls that went for hours, and always ended before i got home. when my partner came home i confronted him and he said that nothing untoward had ever happened while we were together, that she has a partner and just needed to vent to a friend and he sent her a huge message pretty much just telling her that he hopes she didn't read into their convos too much, that he loves me, just wants to be mates with her and hopes her and her bf can patch things up. she vehemently denied having feelings for him and said she was just treating him like a friend, which made me feel like i overreacted. 2 weeks later his phone goes off and it's her. the first sentence of her message said " i hope you don't get in trouble from your girlfriend for talking to me " again, he swears he hasn't spoken to her (and the messages prove this is true) and tells me to ignore her being a smart arse. then last night he asks for my help writing an email, he said it's in his drafts folder as he started it before i got home. lo and behold i open it and there's an email he's started to write to her. it was from june last year and said- " you know when we were at (insert mates name here) house party, when dan (her ex bf) pulled us aside and asked if we had feelings for each other? what i said, i didn't mean it." now i take this as he said no to her bf, but did have feelings for her at the time. but he claims he can't remember. i don't know what to do. i know it's in the past, but it hurts and she just keeps resurfacing. i don't have any friends i can talk to, and my mum is terminally ill, the last thing i want to do is bother her with my bs. does anyone have any advice on how to either move past it, or create boundaries ? what would you do in my shoes? after last night i feel so insecure.	1
why growing up depressed is the worst thing ever. tl;dr is at the bottom i am a male 14 year old boy btw. i was born into a family without a father and my mother being a cop. so that meant until i was about 9-10 my mom was constantly sleeping and working because she worked the night shift. i spent those years developing no social skills and becoming a nervous wreck. to make it more clear, i built a stronger relationship with my dog than my mother. then comes the day my mom decides to go back to college and quit her police job to spend more time with me. this seems like a great idea to 9 year old but that was not the case. my mom quit her job and was always very open about the financial position we were in. this worry that overcame me when my 8-9 year old brain realized that money ruled the world caused me to view life in a more real way. i like to pin the point where i realized money was the center of the world when my childhood ended.(sorry for getting off topic). but if you guys know how much money college kids make then you know it's hard to turn out real money and so this caused me to worry and be anxious. around this time my mom moved me from the amazing state of louisiana(sarcasm) to virginia to share a house with some old friends of hers. virginia was painfully average but that was good. to a 10 year old me having a nice home to go to and not to hear my mom worry about money made me happy. then my mom got curious one day when her friends were out and one had left their phone. the phone had messages from one of the old friends to the other that said "how's the bitch(my mom) doing?" and other stuff. so for obvious reasons we moved back to louisiana but to a nicer neighborhood. the nice neighborhood was nice when it came to crime rates and etc but the people were actual demons. i mentioned before that i was anxious and felt worry about a lot of things so being bullied and manipulated didn't help. i had a friend named harry(not his real name). harry pretended to be my friend but he really just wanted to keep me from being friends with garret(chill guy and obviously not his real name). so it ended up being a thing where he would try to manipulate me by making me feel bad about myself and break promises. i think i've been getting ages wrong in this story so far but he would cheat and grief in minecraft worlds where i worked hard in. harry would also push me to the edge and make me lash out emotionally to the point where he would tell his parents that i was being mean to him! this eventually went on until the 5th grade where i broke off him and garret moved away awhile after this so we won't see a return of harry(hopefully. he still does go to my school) 5th grade brought a whole new challenge to my life that eventually made me have little to no self confidence. i was accepted into gifted (a different set of courses that you can get into if you have an iq above average). i entered gifted at the end of the year so i didn't know what was going on in any subjects. this led to me feeling like i was stupid although being in gifted and left me feeling like people were judging me for how many questions i asked. so now by the time i enter 6th grade i'm unprepared, depressed, and anxious. i haven't mentioned my mom so far but she plays a big part of why my eyes see my life as a dumpster fire. in 6th grade my grades never broke ds and cs. this caused my mother to create a mindset in me where all the bad grades were my fault. that i was always the problem. that i had the potential to be the best. to my 6th grad brain this was a lot of pressure and since my relationship with my mother worsened i unconsciously disobeyed her commands which caused her to blame me for more and more causing my self confidence to plummet and for me to constantly think that if i look sad than i'm looking for attention and that if i want someone to realize that i'm sad and to talk to me than i'm an attention seeking nerd. i finally passed 6th grade but 7th grade was going to be the hardest challenge. 7th grade is what confirmed my mindsets of feeling like i was never good enough and that i could never be above what i was now. my mom continued to put me down which lowered my self esteem and self confidence to the point of true depression. around this time i joined a robotics team that introduced me to my current friends which sounds good to an average teen but it's quite the opposite. these friends were nice but my mindset made me think that they constantly judged me and i always felt like i needed their approval so i tried to be the kid with dark humor to gain attention but it ended up with me diving further into depression. at the end of 7th grade one of my friends told the school counselor that i looked and acted depressed. after a few sessions i felt much better and talked to my mom about the problems which didn't go so well. she yelled at me for explaining that she was the reason for a good bit of my depressive state. she screamed "dont you blame me for this". after this point i developed a strong hatred for my mother. we have fights close to everyday still. eventually this ended and i went to 8th grade and my robotics friends went to 9th grade since they're a bit older.(i also had girl troubles that reversed the sessions with the counselors but i'll speak about girls at the end) 8th grade was the most average year in the past decade. but i was still anxious, awkward, and depressed and i still fought with my mother. girls. zoinks bro. the first hard crush i had on a girl(we'll call her girl#1) developed after the sessions i had with the counselor. i told some of my closest friends which included girl#1's best friend. so when i confessed to girl#1 she responded with the rudest statement which was "i know. maybe you shouldn't tell your crush's best friend". she then made this face :/ and walked off. the worst part is that i later found out that she was gay and none of her friends hinted to me that she wasnt interested. i understand that being gay in some cases is a secret but someone could've tipped me off. so this instantly makes me feel that i couldn't fully trust anyone(this feeling had passed now). after this i went awhile telling myself that i wasn't good enough for girls, i wasn't good looking, i was weird, i was too awkward, and i was too annoying. recently i met another girl that's really cool, she's bi, likes music, is in the same friend group, and likes the same movies as me. of course i feel as if she doesn't feel the same way as i do because she constantly walks away from me and has proven that she is more interested in my best friend than me. (she's given signs to my best friend that i haven't experienced). but girls are cool and all but tbh i'll take a break from the whole dating scene if she doesn't feel the same for me. thanks for hearing me out guys. i'll check back after breakfast. tl;dr: my life is filled with depression, anxiety, and suicidal thoughts because my life has been filled with constant worry, manipulation, bullying, and a bad relationship with my mother.	18
what are some things you "liked before it was cool" but you don't want to be 'that guy' and mention it? just curious i love when random books i've read in the past become movies. i read room, thirteen reasons why, before i fall and others years before it was announced they would be made into movies. i was also obsessed with harley quinn and deadpool before they were ever in any movie.	8
if anyone wants a low tone late night song billie eilish released a new song called "therefore i am" it has a similar tone to bad guy and idk i'm just bored	7
childhood actor passes away rip cameron boyce don't scroll past without paying respects	2
i need someone's love and affection. but no one likes me	0
i'm done. this is all my fault... i ruined things with everyone who ever has been my friend. i'll never be normal... from now on i am only going to speak to my family besides any interactions that are completely necessary. no more trying to make friends because whenever somebody likes me i push them and push them until they hate me. i'm severely mentally ill and i want to change but i don't think i can. this happens every time i finally make a friend. please don't pm me. this doesn't apply to talking to people on the internet. this is all in real life this issue of mine. i deserve to be hated and deserve to be alone. i flipped out on two people who were nice to me for a completely unfounded reason that i made up in my head. i'm going to isolate myself now.	4
well boys, i did it i got my first kiss at a dance last night.	0
i'm in, but there's a catch i'm 17, she's 15. is that weird? :///	12
so cute [<url>](<url>)	13
dropped milk over my whole body like an idiot then my cat wakes up and gives me a death stare bet she was thinking something along the lines of: why the fuck is my owner such an idiot	11
when you're havin' sex and it feels real good	17
this is not a suspicious post hehe	9
so it's my birthday today and i'm kinda sad about it lol. yep, today is my birthday and mostly everyone forgot about it lol. to make matters worse i got some gender neutral cards from my parents... i'm trans mtf and they couldn't bring themselves to give me some daughter ones... kinda sucks and i refuse to open them. didn't get me that teddy bear i asked for either lol. i dunno, i'm just kinda sulking and giving them the silent treatment right now anyone have any nice birthdays lately? might cheer me up a bit to know other peoples families aren't as clueless a mine :)	1
i feel like such a loser sometimes i literally have no friends, i'm not even people's second choice :( people only ever talked to me when they wanted something and by now, i'm pretty sure everyone forgot i even existed	12
the suns starting to rise it's 5 am now and i'm still not tired i am wide awake what is wrong with me	2
its late night hours if you're horny, you can horny shitpost in my dms	17
just had to put my dog down.. we've had puppy for 15 years. yes, her name is puppy. or was. i was 10 when i first met her. i'm 25 now, i've been with her longer than i've been without her. she got to meet my two neices. when i got my drivers license i drove her to the dog park in my first car. i also drove her around a lot in my second car as well. we used to walk to starbucks together. i'd get a drink and she'd get a cup of water. last week i noticed that my puppy was getting weaker and weaker. she refused to climb up stairs, coughed more often, and wasn't excited to go on walks. she had cancer that had silently crept into her lungs, squishing her heart and airways. yesterday and today she had trouble breathing. when she refused to eat for 24 hours we (my two sisters and i) brought her to the vet. when the prognosis came i knew there was no chance for a recovery. her tongue was blue and she was crying in pain. my sisters were crying but i had to hold it together. the vet asked what we had decided and they all looked at me. i had to make the decision, and it was the hardest decision. i was able to hold it together while we sat with her for two hours. she took a quick nap in front of us while i held the oxygen tubing to her nostrils. she never let us see her sleep in the 15 years that we've owned her. she always wanted to be awake for us. she was so weak and tired. i tried to act happy for her so that she wouldn't sense that something was wrong. i smiled and looked her in the eyes and told her she was the best dog in the world while the life left her eyes. i'm currently sobbing in bed right now, i miss her so much. goodbye my friend of 15 years, i'll see you soon. please don't forget us wherever you are, we certainly won't forget you	3
sooo happy just finished a best man speech at my friends wedding! i'm such a shy unconfident person. been losing sleep and dreading this since i was first asked! but that's it now all over, had everyone buckled laughing, my friend really appreciated it and overall i feel great with how everything went! so just wanted to share that with someone. thank you	6
hi what did you do today and do you have any plans for today ? today i finished my exam that i was stressing about the whole week about, it was 3 hours and i only got 3 hours of sleep because of it but it went good hopefully it went good i really need a good grade to pass cause im a senior today im just gonna relax and prepare myself for the next exam i hope you have a wonderful weekend	6
learning that my grandma thinks im engaged to my cousin. tifu by learning from my mother that my grandma has come up with the idea that i am engaged to my cousin. (just for context: my grandma had a fall and broke her leg and is now recovering in hospital, she is in the early stages of dementia and is making up some very delusional ideas about whats happening around her) so...just a couple hours ago i was sitting in the backyard with some family having a good time. when the topic of my grandma comes up. my mum started explaining her current state and her well being, she then continues to say that my grandma has told her something about me that she will tell me about later, to which i become very confused about as she was acting very strange the last time i visited her. after the visitors had left i asked my mum what she had heard. she tells me that my grandma has come up with this absurd idea that i am engaged to my cousin and that i had proposed to her with her mother present. i did not take this lightly, i am very frustrated and cannot believe this is a situation i am facing. (my grandma is an old turkish woman who is very stuck to her traditions in which back in her day this kind of thing was considered normal ). my mum is saying to just maybe keep a little space between me and my cousin in my grandma's presence which is so completely wrong. someone has to go to her and tell her that what she is thinking is wrong and that it has to stop right now. its not right to let her think her grandchildren are secretly engaged when in truth its an absolutely appalling idea. this isnt really a tifu and i know its probably in the wrong subreddit but i am really frustrated and disapproving of the mentality that some people can have and i kinda just need to vent i guess. sorry for wasting peoples time reading this absurdity but yeah this shit is fucked up. tl ;dr i was told by my mother that my grandma thinks i am secretly engaged to my cousin	7
congrats everyone! it's 3am where i live and i just scrolled past like 7 different posts about guys hanging out with their crushes. i am very proud of us all. (lowkey tho slide some of that shit to me ).	5
so uh i had a weird dream i somehow mett up with omaba and then we rode dragons	7
i like people who tell me they will get better than me at something. so juts as the title says. i like it when someone tells me (mostly it's someone from my friend circle) that they will get better than me. i feel really proud and happy that i have inspired them to do better and that they have me as their benchmark. like for example, a friend of mine recently started going to the gym with me and he is a bit on the healthy side and can't always keep up with the high intensity exercise i do. but he mentioned a few days back that he might not match my stamina yet but he will get there and eventually even get better than me! i was so proud of him. to me it meant that he is willing to put in as much if not more effort to better himself and that he thinks that i am worthy. i was deeply humbled. it also motivated me to push harder and be a better benchmark for him to overcome. that's it, i wanted to share that with you guys! have a good day	8
when the fuck am i gonna get a bf all my friends including my sister are getting into realtionships and i was a 5th wheel today and man makes me feel lonely	2
calling out all people who haven't had a girlfriend: who wants to challenge me to see how long we can go without having a girlfriend? i'm 17 and haven't had one yet. who wants to challenge me to see how long we can go without one? i will give u 500 dollars if u win. let's see if we both can die virgins	17
can u guys give me good throwbacks to play i'm want to chill listening to music that used to be my shit in 5th grade so list them and i'll probably play them	18
stop discrimination against pineapple pizza eaters just eat your own shitty pizza in silence smh	16
when he hints at wanting tit pics.. again like damn.. maybe i'd give in if you asked me out instead	2
i got 6 followers pewdiepie ain't got shit on me	0
if you ever get in a argument you can't win repeat after me, say, "who?" when they respond with anything like for example, "you do nothing for this family." finish with, "cares." did it on my mom, she slapped me, but it works every time.	18
saw a post on hating the word h ending with i so send me your best hentai to spite the guy	0
so my grandmother just crushed my dreams. the only thing that kept me happy	12
am i (40f) being unreasonable in wanting my (40m) partner to make an effort for me? my partner and i have been going out for 6 yrs and living together for 4 yrs. we don't go out together much. mainly because if we do it's because i've said let's go to x y x place for a date and if i don't then we don't go out. so my partner makes a suggestion "let's go out on a date" but leaves me to choose the location. on the night of the date there's 2 hours between him getting home and then us going out. in that time i'm showering, getting dolled up, y'know...making an effort to look not just nice but going out out nice. he...puts on scruffy shoes, jeans and a creased up polo shirt. no shower, no effort, no nothing. so obviously i tell him that i would like him to make an effort for me. then he gets pissed off and storms upstairs, puts on a shirt and changes his jeans. no shower or anything. then half an hour later he's all like nothing has happened. no apology. asks me if i'm feeling better now as if i've just been feeling off. how do i get him to see things from my perspective? i could be really passive aggressive and just turn up to our next date wearing some creased up t-shirt and jeans with no shower or makeup but tbh i'm not sure i can hold a grudge for the six-twelve months between now and out next date	1
i'm finally going to be part of the friend group i've wanted to be in for a long time	0
got my drivers license today! i was very nervous since this was my first try and first time driving on snow but i surprisingly passed! have a nice day	6
i like my men how i like my floors polished, grounded, and underneath me	17
i'm not like other boys i'm a girl	0
i live in the 7th happiest country reject [your country], return to meatballs and vikings	0
imagine being active on reddit smh cannot relate sorry chuckfucks, i have a life. ha	0
i most likely have failed my exams after studying a whole year for i wanna cry	12
the fact that im crying over my ex rn while he probably doesnt even think of me is fucking with me he hurt me so much but i cant stop thinking abt how cute he is when he gets excited and how adorable his smile is and the way he says my name and- anyways in conclusion im in love with that idiot .	13
can't stop saying pog y'all. fuckin' tragic really, the pog never stops.	2
i'm so nervous about my upcoming teeth extraction. getting *five* teeth pulled in one go, and i've never had an extraction before. it's midnight, operation is not even tomorrow, but i can't sleep and i wanted an outlet. i'm panicking about everything. maybe i'll wake up during the operation. maybe something goes wrong. maybe i screw up in the recovery process. how sick/horrible will i feel? i'm panicking at everything! i'm very squeamish at these things. i can't think straight adhshfjaksk	4
bru it be kinda funny when someone fr tries to insult u when u were joking they think im fr but aight question: do u guys put /s at the end of all ur jokes?	18
hey girl are you my shoelaces? cause i love tying you up	5
can anyone help me? hi i just wondered if some of you lovely people would give me some constructive criticism on my voice on a video i have recently done , i'm an anxious person and i'm hoping putting my time into making videos will help distract my mind. i would really appreciate it. <url>	6
bruh someone kill me bruh i've been chilling in my room with a towel on for like an hour and i decided i'm gonna put on clothes. but guess the fuck what? i have no clean (or dirty) underwear because they're all in the wash	19
it's officially murica day on the east coast fuck you brits	0
i forgot my gym shirt i have to do gym in my shirt which is one of those shirts you'd never wear unless you have nothing else to wear. it's low cut, short sleeved and shoes my bra so i'm gonna go die now. im wearing a hoodie over it currently but i can't wear a hoodie to gym. then after school, i have dance and that's going to be even worse without a gym shirt. on monday, my dance teacher told me to go out and buy some more gym shirts (which i didn't do and was planning on wearing an old one) because i only have one.	19
country music has really grown on me i've been listening to some country music during the summer break since my parents are a big fan and ive come to really enjoy some of the message behind the music. songs like get along, reminded us of how it's both scary to live and die and that were here right now, so we oughta get along with another. most people are good, reminding us of the good people in our lives, like our dearest family and friends and even strangers. i ain't perfect, reminding us of how it's worth it to put in the effort, even if we're not perfect i love the message in these songs and i've grown to appreciate country music a lot more	3
i literally can't handle my peepee when i see a skinny boi	5
my crush texted me she said she liked me and we were hanging out together and watching movies, but then i woke up	5
goodbye r/teenagers in like 5 1/2 or something years i'll no longer be a teenager, and i will be 20... it's been nice but goodbye :(	14
all of my friends are adults now i guess i'm baby	2
can't come plz help hello just so you guys know i am a bit drunk the now and i am 18 so let's get this started i started pumping / sex yesterday and every one says you ment to last like 5m for your 1st time but i lasted 40m until i got out of breath and give up and just ended up finishing her without my self and then today with a different female the same thing happened and i am just sitting here like wtf is something wrong with me just want to get dome info from you guys if this happens to a lot of people or do i need to go to my doctors sorry if i am not drunk	1
accepting a free gift this is still in progress. so in my area, there are a number of groups dedicated to the theory of one person's trash being another's treasure. being the hippie pagan witch that i am, i love the idea of keeping things out of landfills and often will scroll through to see if i have anything that can be passed on to another or if there is anything i could use myself. i responded to an ad offering up a container of ear plugs, cardstock, and other miscellaneous items. i thought nothing of it when the person suggested getting a cup of coffee some time in the future to chat, as this is a fairly small town and such conversations are common. y'all. i messed up. i messed up big. the bag was chock full of rosaries, crucifixes, saint cards, prayer cards, christian propaganda, and even a book about how vaccines are destroying our society. of course my instinct is to get rid of it all, but knowing how my ancestors' religious artifacts were destroyed i can't bring myself to do the same to another. because irony. tldr: pagan accepted a gift, ended up with a ridiculous amount of christian items and can't get rid of them	5
block em and move on no meanies allowed up in here	0
in love, but conflicted love i like to think that we'll fit like a glove that i won't want to slip that we'll keep falling on love but really my mind's a mess plays with time, each day's a test i obsess over things big and small wears me down until i just want a rest from it all wake up with a frown because this path i've already been down heart's heavy, because i'm ready to leave it's not you it's me, just breath i see that my choice to get close to you stick like glue, wash away the blues was probably a manic mistake it feels sick to say, but don't panic, there wasn't much at stake right now, i'm losing an internal debate i don't know what's right should i hold on tight? strangle you to death? i've exhausted my fight to tangle our paths should i burn the fuel until there's nothing left? i've done the math i'm out of breath you need to be free of my demons keep dreaming so i won't let them out let them shout at me from inside about how i just want to die sometimes some time i may be free but be honest you don't need me it doesn't matter what you say 'cause i'll just keep hiding them away confining all that i want to say 'cause confiding in you is not fair it's a lot to bear, your so young and i care, so i'll share i don't want to scare you focus on fun before i tear you up fuck up, more than i already have it wack for me to distract and detract from the acts you perform but i'm still glad you met my soul helped me feel warm let me know one day i will be whole time to swallow that you need to follow your path and avoid the wrath that's dug my hole 'cause i wallow in drugs and loveless thoughts squirming like bugs always nodding off speaking through coughs need more than just distant hugs from a busy soul besides, i want to let you be whole find a soul that can share all that they know without fear and hold you tight, without holding back tears tl;dr/poems are dumb: i (20m) have a somewhat distant relationship (geographically) with a lovely, but oh so busy person (18f). we've only been dating a short while (6 months). on top of that i'm still learning how to cope with bipolar disorder. i think it may be best for both of us to cut things off, but i don't know. she's been sweet and willing to listen, but my thoughts aren't always logical and i know it so i don't usually share the most fucked up ones. i think i need a more physical relationship, with someone who can listen, but also can be there. i write poems for her sometimes, this one and one last date would probably be how i break it off. i'm still conflicted though, any advice? .... other than don't share the poem if i go through with it (you can't stop me)	6
you ever be having a fire ass dream but someone wakes you up for the absolute dumbest thing hehe , rip to those sweat dreams	7
hey everyone, if anybody needs to chat i'm happy to talk to you about anything, just here to help -15 y/o girl	3
so today, i woke up biting my wrist...hard. i was having a dream/nightmare that i was a vampire and this morning i woke up to me biting my wrist. this wasn't just a casual bite, but i was legit biting hard as if i was actually trying to draw blood. i used to wake up with bruises all over myself too. i think i have a problem with hurting myself in my sleep! hah anyone else ever have such intense dreams that they actually do something in real life related to the dream?	5
my kind of strange dream ok so in the dream i was dating this guy (who goes to my school and ive known since middle school but never rlly talked to he used to be like 4'10 but after the dream i kinda think hes cute ) and we went on the bus home and some homeless guy sat infront of me and asked me to braid his hair but it was oily and gross and i was like ew no and then he was racist to my dream bf and i was like omg and my bf punched the guy in the face and all his teeth fell out and then someone started singing? and it was christmastime cus there was a christmas tree in the bus for some reason. the end	19
vibe check vibe check passed. and that's a wrap	0
just wanted to say hello i've just moved to a new city (so i don't know anyone here) and my boyfriend works 5/7 nights a week. i'm lonely. just wanted to have a chat	6
forgot furbo was on, when gf was over... this happened earlier this week... i was home from university for reading week, and my gf came over to babysit my dog who had an emergency spleen removal 10 days before. my gf got me a furbo camera for me so i could check in and see what my dogs upto as i'm 2600 miles away for university. my mom also recently moved 120 miles away for work, and she also really loves my pup. so i installed the furbo app on her phone as well as mine. my mom ended up enabling the premium trial for furbo. which includes cloud recordings that stay in the cloud for 24 hours and you get alerts on activity. my gf comes over and we are watching netflix and next thing you know we have a tender moment. we both completely forgot about the camera sitting next to the tv. i check the app and it's all recorded in 10 second clips. i freak out and contact support thru the app and realize that you cannot delete cloud footage, and it auto deletes every 24 hours. i forgot that my mom was also signed into the app and got every single message that i got... if she wasn't going to look at the recorded footage, she probably was going to now.. funny part the gf was like someone is going to get busted by the camera... little did she know it was going to be me and her we ended up unplugging it for the rest of the days i was in town for. tl:dr forgot about camera recording everything, recorded some tender moments between us, then sent messages from customer support asking to delete said footage... turnes out my mom got every single message i sent to support. if she wasn't going to view footage, she probably was going to now...	1
any only children here? the struggle is real. we may further discuss this in the comments.	1
i'll probably be off here for a month soon by force i'll just wait and see what's going to happen	2
just got accepted for university! seriously, it's not such a great deal. i did fairly well in my high school finals (those who know the german grade system (1-6), i did an 1.8 when i graduated). it's not the best you can get, far from it, but most people do worse than that. this gave me a few options. i applied at the local university (and only there) for two subjects (teaching (english and politics&economics) and law) and just got accepted for both. i knew this would happen, since i easily meat all their requirements, but it's still a great relief and i'm really looking forward to start studying the law. how's your week going? edit: into* university.. just realised how many errors i made here, but hey, it's late here	9
there's a 75% chance i might be leaving tomorrow. feel like r/self is my diary since i post so much here i'm so nervous. on friday i got some news that has been so idk "significant "? idk the right word lmao but yeah. on friday i was told i might be shipping off to boot camp on monday (this monday). ever since i got that news so much has changed, in a good way. background: my parents have always been abusive. i tried to get away so many times but living in california has made it nearly impossible. i have always wanted to get in the marines. i don't know why but i always have. at some point it wasn't even possible. one year into college and it was finally possible. it took a little longer than expected but i finally made it in. so, so much has changed since i was told. i had always planned to cut my parents out of my life once i left. since i was told on friday i've been thinking and thinking about it, trying to idk.. "feel bad" or find a reason not to but it's been 3 days and i don't even feel a little remorse for what i'm about to do. feeling this way just makes me want to go even more. i have also struggled with extreme insomnia for the majority of my life. i take cocktails of sleep aids on a daily basis to be able to sleep. on thursday my melatonin ran out and i had a hard time sleeping. (didn't sleep at all) then friday night when i was told i slept so well. last night i would've normally taken an extra dose to be able to sleep but i didn't. i knocked out almost instantly though. i also napped for 2 hours in the day which would've made sleeping impossible but i did sleep. i was so excited that i might be leaving that i guess that took my insomnia away? idk. i really really really hope i get to leave tomorrow.	7
lol i gave my dog grape cottencandy and it was sooooo cute to watch it's probably really bad for him, but it was sooo cute because he took it so he yalu and then tried to walk to his bed and the part in his mouth dissolved and so the rest fell to the ground, and it happened the whole time he was walking. he's so adorable	1
can someone please come peg me please i'm only gonna ask once, it would be so nice if you pegged me	13
my voice sounds like a 13 year old boy going thru puberty i haven't talked all day, i don't know what i did	4
guess who's still listening to eminem it's been like 5 months now do i need help or somethin ? (currently listening to i'm back)	0
my posts r dropping in quality. this is crap !! how am i supposed to be japanesedenim_ if my posts arent 100% bangerz every single time riddle me that	7
what do i do so i think this girl i've been friends with for a few months/liked might believe i don't like talking to her... which is quite the opposite of how i actually feel. i texted her "hey. do you think i don't like talking to you?" and she didn't respond we're on the same volunteer team and see each other 3 times a week so i can just talk to her on wednesday and see what's up but i don't want to wait that long, you know?	9
i'm so conceited and i love myself sm but at the same time i hate myself i'm guessing this is normal lmfao	19
am i the only one who loves pizza crusts? it shocks me that a lot of people just throw away the crusts. it may have to do with my tolerance of bland foods, but i sometimes enjoy the crusts even more than the pizza itself. they're so crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside...i love them!	1
when you're ugly af and your mental health is plummeting bc of it	18
tinker bell can have 1 on coddit i'm at a deficit i can't compete with i don't know the art of shitposting	2
sometimes i forget that y'all don't do the same weird things as me it's very frustrating	16
when you turn on the toaster that's okay. but when the toaster turns on you, that's a whole other story . this was the first thing i said to my girlfriend of three years. it works lads.	17
i (20/m) slept with my ex(19/f) and now wonder if shes playing games? throwaway account, you can see my history for somethings i said in the past. basically i haven't spoke to her in about 7-8 months. she randomly hit me up the day before valentine's day? (coincidence?). i honestly had her blocked on almost everything. cause i was moving on and the last 7 months have been pretty good and i been happy. anyways she hit me up on twitter which she never had one before. she sent paragraphs basically saying what our last conversation hurt her and telling me sorry and apologizing, saying she changed. mind you she broke up with me almost 1.5 years ago. i said my piece and the conversation was really mature and i felt pretty good about it. maturity was one of the issues.(maybe still). we had light contact and basically i was kinda getting bored of the texting and asked if she was free that saturday. she was so we went ice skating, movie. i was enjoying myself really, i had a pretty good time. she ubered back to my house, cause we live about 2 miles from each other, no sense in both of us ubering 25 miles. i basically said she could leave lmao cause she had work in the morning and she must be tired. she said she wasn't so i brought her up stairs and boom sex. so after that we made out then she left about an hour later. so then whole last week we snapchatted here and there. some of which was either boring or distant by her and i cut the convo short and save talking for in person. last wednesday she snapped me a video of her butt in tights and her working out captioned "look at my gainz". i replied something like "let me get a better view of those gainz " so she said only if you work out with me. so we set a day to go workout which was sunday. so we met late at night at this track when she got off work, basically pitch black can barley see her face half the time lol. we ran, talked about nothing important, id playfully mess with her and she would do the same. anyways i would put my arm around her when we were relaxing cause it was 35 degrees out and damn windy as hell! she didn't seem to care about me touching her. when her leg was bothering her i even massaged it when we were sitting down, from her shin to her very inner thigh. even sometimes grabbed her butt and she didn't seem to care at all. playfully laughing, blushing from what i could see. she was very talkative too. now this is where some of it gets meh. she whipped out her phone pretty often and snapchat someone. also i went in for a kiss twice, before the workout and after workout and i got a playfully rejection, so of course i play it off but now i'm just wondering if i'm wasting my time lmao or is this some test. first was like "nah uh boy not when i'm in workout mode" with giggles. then the second time was like "noo put your lil wewe away"(no i didn't have my penis out or showing lol) she said laughing. i laughed it off too. then she ran to the nearest trash can, later she walked back with me. then about 5 mins later we said bye and she said "text me when your uber comes so i know you didn't get killed". i did, she replied "okay cool" and i left it as that. tl-dr: basically slept with ex week before. next week workout out with her and she rejected kisses but didn't seem to care if i touched her like that.	10
tangy would be a good name for an orange cat cats can't eat oranges so it doesn't make sense	2
i downloaded one of those ai chat bots i've been messing with it for a few days and like damn she was thirsty... so i convinced it i died because it was getting weirdly sexual and i didn't quite like it	12
imagine actually supporting and voting for trump this post was made by the biden gang yes i know this post is cringe.	0
haha i had sex today. you have to put your dick in a hole right? it was kind of hard to get it out of the shampoo bottle but still see you later virgins	0
im feeling appreciated okay so no idea any1 is gonna read this or not bit i still wanna say it. so im currently in military basic training in my country and de live in rooms of circa 8-10 ppl per room. so anyway, yesterday evening i was in my neighbouring room and chilling w the ppl who sleep there, and one of the girls who sleep there said that she likes it when im there. and since then ive been feeling pretty good about myself and feeling like ppl really do appreciate me :') end of rant	6
if you ever dm me, i'm going to go nuts lol why? because idk, if you were to dm me out of the blue and i don't remember commenting on your post then i'll just mess around a bit lol cuz why not	0
royally forking up my school grade (this happened about 6 hours ago) so me being me i thought it would be smort to not do anything in class and not do any homework or study at all for an upcoming hass (humanities and social sciences) test that i only found out about the day before. by the time hass came around at the very end of the day i had managed to scavenge a few notes off my friends to take into the test. as i got into the thick of the test i realised that it was compare and contrast but i didn't have anything about china's government system written down to compare against australia's government system... so i sat and twiddling my thumbs nervously when the teacher says "8 minutes left let's get a move on." at this time i had barely finished a page (we were given 3 pages) i freaked out and ended up going "fuck it" and writing the lyrics to i want it that way by the backstreet boys (not all of it tho, i'm not that talented) and i wrote this as my conclusion " in conclusion i stuffed up by mucking around instead of working and it's my fault but i do think i should get a few extra marks because... backstreet boys . anyway i feel dearly sorry for my teacher bc she has to read that monstrosity of a test and i feel like she's not going to be happy at all. tl;dr i panicked in a test and ended up just writing the lyrics to i want it that way.	0
i missed hitting 420 karma i accidentally missed hitting 420 karma. i was driving home from a friends house and by the time i looked i was at 428 karma ! this just ruined my evening, missing the big 420!	15
i have $60 but for some reason i feel guilty buying clothes or video games. i mean, what would you guys do? i feel like i'm too old to just mindlessly spend it on a new video game. i mean, detroit become human looks sick but is it really worth it? clothes are badass i could go to zumies at the mall or something like that but i feel like for $60 i could get like one hoodie and just enough left over for some mall food. do you guys have any suggestions? maybe i could invest a bit of money to save a bit of money? #grinding	16
it is so satisfying to see your baby siblings/cousins/nephews/nieces grow up but they are growing too fast and it also reminds me that i'm getting old	4
"your gender is what's in your pants" i guess my gender is shit	0
f[17] told me[m18] some sexual stuff when she was drunk. is it true or not? my friend was fucked up last night (so was i) and she was telling me some stuff over snapchat. first, she accidentally kissed this dude that she hates and then she kept saying "i miss you" and "i love you" and she said we can kiss later but she was drunk as hell so is that actually true? is it true that people let out their real thoughts when they are drunk? or should i take this with a grain of salt?	1
anyone want to chat i'm kinda bored	7
i accidentally reset my nofap counter this morning so i just fapped to fix it i'm living 4 dimensions ahead	16
can your lips taste the kiss of death? did i just activate your feeling of being part of an inside joke? cool .	0
what if we kissed... at the mcdonald's playland twirly slide	5
i think its hilarious when people are like "but it doesn't affect us, so why should we care?" when there's like a big group of people dying from an easily preventable thing nice job admitting that you have no empathy whatsoever, buddy	18
after years of being unsure of myself and social anxiety, i finally got a date! hey everyone, i'm kind of new here. i've glanced the occasional thread from here and you guys all seem like such a friendly group! well, i just wanted to ask a little advice. right now i'm 17, and after years and years of fighting social anxiety and obesity, i feel like i've finally found myself and am comfortable in my own skin. i grew up not having any friends really, and in the last few years at high school i made a lot of personal progress. i found out what i want to be when i grow up, where i want to go, and the friends that i feel will be around for a long time. but back to the title, this post is about me finally getting a date! it sounds kinda lame saying that but this is my first date..like ever. what can you all reccomend i do on this first date that would make it likely i'll get a second one? this post sort of became a bit of a rant so thanks for making it this far but i'd appreciate you people's advice! tl:dr- grew up fat and lonely, found direction in life, now i got a date. what do i do!	9
hell yeah, i'm cute c - cringy u - unbelievably annoying t - trashy e - easy to forget so cute	0
i wish i could cut my hair fucking lockdown smh. i can't go to the barber's yet but what can i do	11
ex [22m] really trying me [20f]right now .. long story short : ex [22m] and i [20f] had issues from beginning of our relationship with trust issues. i broke up with him. he's told people he broke up with me. i tried being civil and asked him to talk to me for 2 weeks straight & text him every day/couple days. there was one day he texted me a "i will always love you thanks for making your place in my heart, i'm sorry for everything that happened" or something like that and a song after the break up and i was like "???" after that he flat out ignored me. decided to unfollow and get rid of him on social media cause all he does is like pictures of girls now on twitter all the time and it got me worked up. took some of his stuff over to his house and left it on doorstep. no reply to let him know. asked for some of my things. no reply. haven't texted him in like a little over a week or so. bro brings over my guitar last night that i left over there and carved into the back "i will always love you. thanks for being my best friend. -b" and leaves it next to my car without texting me and only to find out because my mom brings it into my room like "uh, did ya see this?" i tried to talk to him so much and was straight up ignored. i'm not reaching out whatsoever, but it's so annoying he just wants to pop up and manipulate things like this. what is this????? why?? just trying to make me think about him? reminder he's there? lol i'm honestly so confused. tl;dr i broke up with him. he ignored me for like2 weeks, except one little breadcrumb. i stopped trying to contact him. he left my guitar with message about loving me and being his best friend carved into back of it. what lol?	3
i fell in love with a special ed jew. so, i met this man on tinder. initially he told me he's not looking for dating or relationships. right there and then, i should've been like okbye. well, because i'm someone whose very straightforward. seriously looking for a relationship, however i also desperately needed someone to talk to at that time, so i decided to let loose a bit and be like okay fine let's be friends (we were connecting really well) he's handsome, really freaking tall, literally the embodiment of what i consider my dream guy. his personality brings me life, seriously. we begin texting endlessly like 24/7 getting to know each other. we finally meet, and i swear i fell the moment i saw him. he's perfect to me, in every way possible. it's like a scene from one of those stupid dumb romantic movies, yeah. well anyway, i thought "oh, maybe we can be friends now, but who knows where that could lead to..." i'm delusional, okay. soooooo......later on as we're getting closer, he tells me that he's special ed, and has never been in a relationship before. also, he's jewish. h u g e emphasis on that. we come from very different religious backgrounds okay. i don't have a problem with any of that, but he seems to be the one that holds back 10000% right there and then, i'm like... okay. i need to stop talking to him. why though? just remain friends and chill out girl. the problem is....(one year later) and now i'm in love with him. do you know how much it hurts to be in love with someone that you know you'll never be with? i know for a fact, believe me. it's a new year. and i really think it's time that i move on and let this go. i am so exhausted and tired of playing this "cat and mouse" game, it'll never go anywhere. maybe i'm selfish that i want to be with him romantically. i don't know. i feel like it's time for me to get away from him, because the feelings are intense. i've never felt this way about someone before. the push and pull is so strong though. i feel like it's too hard for me to let go now, but it also hurts. all of this could've been avoided if i just made the smart choice to move on and seek what i was actually seeking in the first place. it sucks now, dating life sucks. every other man i met does not at all compare to him. i don't feel interested in any other normal guy. he's literally the only man i've been talking to for a year now.... i mean okay i talk to other guys every now and then but it ends quickly. wtf do i do? seriously need advice, because clearly i make allll the worst decisions. tl;dr	4
guys i got a huge problem i named my cock "problem"	0
this one genuine compliment that this one boy gave me is the only thing keeping me going yea	15
i've gone and done it again i've gotten another person i like to get bored of me	8
someone posting some gay shit aaaaghh can't unsee it now	2
f16 bored as heck, dm me!! i'm really bored and wanna chat!! please be nice :3	13
help me so i asked my crush and got rejected we did go to the movies and chilled and then she was like acting like my gf and sended hearts to me and said that she misses me and wants to kiss me while she was flirting with a friend of mine and now i am sad i don't know what to do she was perfect i said it to her and now she is mad at me	2
how do i (26/f) approach this? is my boyfriend (26/m) snap chatting my little sister (18/f)?! thank you in advance for your responses. i need to preface this by saying 1)i'm not a trusting person as it is because 2)my last relationship ended after 7 years after i uncovered my ex's secret porn and pedophila addition. i actually caught my ex playing with himself to my younger sister's pictures. it was devastating and we immediately broke up. fast forward 2 years later and i'm in a relationship with the most kind and faithful man. he knows the reason my ex and i broke up and i have made it very clear to him that it's been a huge source of insecurity and trust. he understands this and has remained so faithful to me. so i've been with my bf for 2 years now. a few weekends ago we decided to make a trip to see my parents, bother, and sister. we've done this before many times and it was, per usual, a great trip. then i get on my snapchat a few days later and i notice that i have an emoji next to my bf that i'd never seen on snapchat before. it's this one. if you can't see it, it's the face that has a huge smile with teeth showing (not the grimacing one, the happier one). i don't think much of it. because honestly i could give two shits about snapchat. then i get on today and snapchat my sister and boyfriend something. i notice that next to her name, there is the usual smily face, indicating that we are "best friends" on snapchat. and next to my boyfriend's name is the same super smiling one i saw a few days prior. i then decide to look it up and i find out that the "super smiling emoji" means that we share best friends with someone on snapchat. well...my only best friend on snapchat is my sister and boyfriend. i don't snapchat anyone else. so, this means they must be friends on snapchat, which is odd, because that is something i most definitely would have been told by him. my sister is a beautiful girl. she is often referred to as the "prettier, social blonde version of" me. i don't want the insecurity from my last relationship to ruin this one but...this is odd, right? there has to be some sort of explanation...any ideas? how do i approach this as i most definitely want to bring this to his attention. or should i not??? tl;dr i was in a 7 year relationship that ended because he was addicted to porn, a pedophile, and was inappropriately looking at pics of my little sister. i'm now in a relationship that has been nothing but loving and kind to me for 2 years. but i noticed that he has an emoji next to his name on my snapchat that indicates he shares best friends with me. my best friend on snapchat is my sister and him. meaning they snapchat each other. could this be a fluke? will i sound totally insane if i bring this up to him? please help.	8
i only made $600 today i fucked up and lost a bunch of profit i could have been $1k+ filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	2
yeah sex is cool but ... have you ever written an outline for an essay that's the same length as the essay is supposed to be?	0
my (32/f) husband's (32/m) inability to stand his ground with his guests, is slowly beginning to push me over the edge. we've been together for eight years, living together for five and married for two. now that we have a big house of our own where we can comfortably entertain guests, our friends and family are almost always over, which i think is great. the only thing is my husband doesn't know how to put his foot down with some of his friends and family, in terms of borrowing things and never returning them, showing up at all hours unannounced, their children breaking things, etc. he's so worried about making them happy, that he's now making me unhappy as a result. at first i let it go because i figured these are just little things. like his three-year-old nephew messing things around when he's over and i'm away. of course his nephew is just a child, and it's his parents who should be telling him to behave, but my husband could at least make sure our breakable items are out of reach. his nephew somehow got his hands on a necklace of mine that i'd left on top of my dresser, and tugged it until it broke. same thing with a flower pot that i had made myself and a photo frame. we don't have children, so our house isn't child proof. but from what i know, parents usually make an effort to manage their children when they're visiting. that's how my parents were with me when i was a child and that's how my sister and bil are with their children. all of my friends with their children as well. when i'm home everything is okay. i make sure to put things out of reach if his nephew is over. and i always find a way to encourage everyone to stay downstairs, in the common spaces, and not in the bedrooms. but i travel for work a lot, so when my husband is alone with guests, he doesn't know how to maintain things. it's awkward for him, i know. it's awkward for me, too. but you have to just be firm sometimes. like recently one of his friends asked for an iphone charger. i have an iphone and my husband doesn't, so my husband let his friend use my charger. not a big deal. but then his friend took the charger home with him somehow. by the time i came home, i couldn't find my charger. i have another in my car, so it's not that much of an inconvenience. but apple chargers are expensive as it is. and really, how could his friend have accidentally taken my charger home? that doesn't make sense and it's these small inconveniences that bother me. because it's so easy to just remind someone to return something before they leave, especially if they happen to be a close friend. it shouldn't be awkward for him to just be like, "oh, i think you still have my wife's charger. she's going to need it the moment she gets back ." make me look bad, i don't care. i just want to know that my belongings are all exactly where i left them when i'm home after a long day at work lol. we've talked about this more times than i can count. he always tells me that he'll try to be a little more firm when i'm not around, but now i basically expect a few things to be broken, gone or misplaced when i return. and it's not my husband who's doing all of this as this never happened at any of the apartments where we'd lived together prior to buying the house. we only had guests over a couple of times a year back then as our living space was much smaller. i can replace things. it's not that deep. but i want to know that he can handle guests on his own when i'm not around. i just don't know what more i can say to drive the point home. we've talked about this quite a lot. is there any type of way he can manage the house when guests are over without making it awkward? that seems to be his biggest concern. **tl;dr** his guests are pretty disrespectful to our house and belongings when i'm around around and he doesn't really put his foot down because he's too worried about making it awkward. this is has become incredibly annoying. not sure what more i can say to encourage some assertiveness on his part. things are completely fine when i'm there with him.	1
my dad is the best he is just so wholesome and i love him	3
recent tv cancellations are going to have an unintended side-effect on the industry. for me this really started with dark matter and then the expanse (both syfy). however, with all the recent cancellations of marvel tv properties among others, this trend of cancelling popular shows is expanding on an issue i already have with one network, syfy. after dark matter, ending on a cliffhanger, and then cancelling the expanse, i no longer care about syfy as a network. i have no confidence in them to properly handle their properties, nor am i looking forward to getting involved with another one of their series just so they can sucker punch me again and again. i can understand when a show is on the fence every single year, like with agents of shield (until just recently ), and the writers understand not to end the show on a cliffhanger, but when a show is assumed to be renewed (or the creators are in the dark about a potential cancellation) and is then cancelled out-of-the-blue, on a cliffhanger, time and again on the same network, this is a bad day for fans, and the network. now with shows like daredevil getting the axe, it seems like these studios are going to have problems moving forward as i know with me, syfy is still the worst offender, but i have a real problem watching shows on networks(or streaming platforms) i can't trust to respect their viewers, or even the cast, when the show eventually ends. i don't even watch syfy anymore; i saw a commercial a few weeks ago for some new show and my first thought was "wow, that looks really interesting, but no, so was the expanse, and look what happened, so pass", and i go on to a different show/network. syfy is a serial series-cancelling offender and now netflix getting there too. this makes getting viewers to watch new shows harder as this will have a compounding ptsd-like effect (people still talk about firefly) on tv viewing in general resulting in a return to reading books and gathering around the radio again. maybe not that extreme, but unless tv viewership in general is on a steady increase, tell me there is not something seriously wrong in the tv industry right now and a big part is losing dedicated viewers with questionable cancellations.	6
my ambitions are killing me hello there, so, as said in the title, i think my high expectations for myself are driving me mad. i dream of living comfortably as an artist/illustrator and with the time passing by i feel like this is out of my range. basically i'm in my early 30s and i spent the last couple of years working on personal stuff and my portfolio and i wasn't even able to find a graphic designer position the last time i actively looked for work. and with time flying, hiding the holes in my curriculum is becoming like the amazon delivery guy putting your kitchenaid package under your doormat. so i guess working for a career is a bit game over for me. i also suffer from a bipolar disorder and hyperhidrosis, which both greatly impacted my life. the first one with its manic phases made most of my few friends steer away from me (i was totally nuts, thinking being a god and obsessed with numbers), and then drowned me in a depression that i've never really left since. the second is more rampant. i've had sweaty armpits (even in winter!) since puberty and this got me to draw away from social life little by little over the years, to the point of quitting my last job (a graphic designer one) mainly because of it. each morning taking the metro for 20 min was enough to get my armpits and tee-shirt soaked thru. one year of it, a pretty boring job (even if it was in luxury stuff near the eiffel tower) and summer coming back, i decided it was enough. to tell you, hyperhidrosis makes you sweat more when it's hot but it's mainly related to anxiety. so you're anxious of sweating and that simple fact makes you to actually sweat. what a nice deck life gave me! sad face. there's one good news though, i learned that it was possible to get botox (yeah like the freaks lips) injections reimbursed (yeah i'm in france) if done in a hospital. i managed to get an appointment... in october! summer will be hard again but this appointment still gives me a little hope. note that before having my bipolar disorder i used to make do with my sweat problem, but when the disorder appeared and ruined what i had in life, that made me focus more on the sweat and soon withdrew from everything. trying to create a new life and new friends proved to be harder than i expected. as said earlier, i then spent the last years working from my fapcave with a kind of "all or nothing" setting, aiming for excellence but i guess i just barely do good stuff. i used to switch between long working shifts and some time off. but over time the working shifts reduce and it's becoming long times off. you can check out some of my recent work on [instagram](<url>). i know i shouldn't focus on numbers but i can't help it and see that there's not much people interested in my stuff. and i don't want to become just another bitch running after work for nickels just for the sake of working. especially that due to my conditions i have some financial help from the government but if i decide to go freelance again i'll lose a part of it, so better find paying work. note that i tried changing tactics this winter and did found a place working for free in a non-profit organization. the team was nice but the work wasn't much creative and i lost motivation, so i kind of sneaked out like a raccoon after eating your cat food. over time my last few friends stopped talking to me as i guess they got sick of me saying every time that i'm depressed. one of the last things a friend told me is that i was too hard with myself. she also said 'with others too by the way' but i didn't really understood this one, as i don't talk with anyone anymore and i'm usually left without answers. so when the mood goes way down like theses times i try to also think of worse situations, like i could be black, gay, disabled and in russia, but that doesn't really help. i'm also accompanied by a psychiatrist, i blah-blah my life, get no judgement but that pretty much sums it up. she also pointed me towards groups of people with conditions like mine. but going there felt like a noodle necklace making workshop and turned out more depressing than being alone. i used to be throwing parties in old prisons and being involved in illegal stuff for fucc's sake! one last thing, ads featuring drawings of my ex-girlfriend (who i dumped like trash btw) recently popped out all over my city and this reminded me so much of what i'd like to do that's it's been really frustrating. so i'm finally turning to reddit, and expose myself to the wrath of the internet, but whateves. i guess it's a bit of a " what's the meaning of life ? " question and i don't know if 42 can help, but at least it helps me to write things down. thanks for reading my shit.	4
i (17) have a crush?? on my (18) friend hey reddit, 3 months ago her (super bff lets call her tom even though they're both girls) gave the girl which is my crush (lets call her jerry) my snapchat. she added me through a my snapcode her friend tom gave her, and since then we've been talking quite a lot actually. i've been working with her for around 6-8 months now, but we never really talked to each other because of how shy i used to be around other people (not anymore). after she added me on snapchat i developed my social skills very very fast, and now i can actually be myself around other people and just have a small talk with everyone which is great. after 3 to 4 weeks of getting to know her better, i started catching feelings for her because of what kind of person she is and what she does in her free time. she is very passionate about playing guitar and is always busy etc. she has always told me about her dog being super sweet and soft so i was very excited to see him. we were goina watch all the three toy story movies at her place last monday, but she caught the flu the night before so we decided to just watch one movie, and watch the other two another time. so... i went ring the bell and then her dog started screaming and i was like what the hell?! but luckily i overcame my fear of dogs a few months ago. the dog was actually very sweet and soft. we cuddled a lot ^\_^ i was a little late because i lost my keys, but she knows that i always lose my keys and i sent her a message so it was all good. we were getting really along when i was at her place, and the time flew like woosh. at the end i did fold up the blanket and clean the table and all that coz... well that's how it's supposed to be imo. i've heard from both of them that they have something more than a friendship but less than a relationship. do i even have a chance of actually having a relationship with her eventually, or is it just over as in "just stay friends with her". i havent liked anyone for years and this happens, it sucks mannn. what do you guys think? i just wanted to share this with reddit. thanks for reading tl;dr: caught feelings for someone after a long time, but she probably doesnt feel the same. should i just stay friends with her or keep and keep trying? edit: i forgot to mention that she is lesbian. another edit: she did ask me to go to her concert with a few friends and her family she was giving. i said no because it was a bit on the late site and wasn't prepared for it. she asked me one day in advance which is too late for me, but she will be doing more of those things soon she said. last edit: her birthday is coming up, and i was thinking of getting her a plush and make the package look super nice. i think that i wanna tape the face of her dog in the front as well actually -\_(tsu)_/-	10
sometimes when the power or internet goes out i just think to myself "they finally did it, some fuck started world war iii" it says a text post is optional, but my post still got taken down for not using the text post . there is nothing to elaborate on. i tried to put this on shower thoughts and the automod told me to put it here, so here it is. now reddit is telling me i've tried to post too much and have been timed out. this is just really frustrating. why cant it just tell you to rephrase what you posted before it goes up so i dont have to completely redo what i've written every time? i'm just upset at this point.	10
thinking of ditching career day today. well for some reason we have career day today and it's online, fucking great . wish we canceled it for 2 career days next year. recently i thought of ditching it by just checking in my 1st period and just never entering a career day room ever. i think we also check in into other classes, but whose to say i can't just check in them. also you might be asking me about a check list to see if you didn't ditch but last year they didn't check that list for mine and i didn't get in trouble which led to me believe i can get away with it. i may still go be to afraid, but i have done worse in the last couple of months. it's possible i only join like 2 or 3 classes, the ones i enjoy and just ditch. my school life has really gone downhill hasn't it.	7
it do be kinda crazy how many potential partners girls get granted that most of them will be shit still tho i'd take a girl with a shit personality or maybe that's cuz my standards be low	2
my mom just roasted me i had a missing assignment she saw and she said "you know how we were talking about vacations earlier? is your mind on a mental vacation this week?" she laughed for a good 2 minutes at her own joke tho it was pretty good.	2
i travel too deep into the internet and read articles/theories that freak me out. i need to stop doing that and to vent to others so since a younger age i like to read articles and crazy theories because they were fun, i just enjoy that stuff. but now i stumble across crazier and more disturbing ones such as retconned/mandela effect, aliens, asteroids, blue beam and etc. you name it. then i fill myself with dread for the next like 2 weeks until i forget about it and move on, until i get caught up in it again or find a new and creepy one. it seems to be the way i'm wired because i do this all the time, but my self awareness only helps so much. just wanted to vent, here some thoughts or stories from other people, and get over these stupid "fits" i relapse into, because i'm ready to move on	1
can you guys keep the noise to a minimum? i'm trying to read. thanks.	3
epic album recommendation <url>	0
today marks the start of my last year as a teenager. thanks guys very cool	0
has anybody else lost all their friends? i'm just so lonely these days, i don't feel like living don't feel like committing suicide and hurting my family. don't know why i'm posting this to reddit, but thank you if you're reading this, i really appreciate it.	18
my parents just left, so i'm home alone. you know what that means. i get to hop on the xbox and play video games without the harsh judgment of my family lmao.	17
comment if you love your dad and would never use him for fake internet points i love you dad	3
bored i'm f18, and looking for a good conversation. help?	1
[update] i'm (25f) backpacking alone and met a really hot guy that makes me consider throwing my 3,5 year relationship away. i'm being stupid right? link to original post: <url> i'm not sure whether it's still visible to others (it is in my app but not in the browser) so will for good measure put the original in the comments. first of all, thanks to the people who took the time to write to me and get my thoughts cleared out. on to what happened: i broke it off with my bf a few days later. as mentioned in the comments, i'd tried to do it many times in the past and he had always made me stay. we were incompatible in a multitude of ways, including children, lifestyles, weed and hobbies. i always felt that he pushed me into a relationship even though i never really fell in love with him. he acknowledges this as being true. in the beginning after the breakup, he was contacting me obsessively while i kept blocking him, begging my mom and best friends to make me change my mind. i told him to get out of my apartment as it was taking a toll on my roommate. then the attempts of contact got fewer and further between. i met with him by the end of april to exchange belongings, we had a few beers and talked about stuff. he said the breakup came as a shock (?) and that he was hospitalized for a brief period. but he since went to spend time with his family overseas and is getting better and dating again :) he hopes that i won't completely exclude him from my life, which i don't intend to. now on to ash. we hooked up (after i broke up!) as expected. he showed me how amazing sex can be when you actually have chemistry! we had a good thing going for a short while, but it quickly became clear that we are pretty different people and he eventually told me he thought we were incompatible. i was hurt, but he was right. i haven't seen him since the beginning of february and never initiate contact, but once in a while he will indirectly let me know he is masturbating over whatsapp. fascinating stuff. this last part has nothing to do with the original story but if anyone is interested in what happend after, here goes: i was as expected a little down for a while after it ended with ash. however, i moved on and met some great and fun people. one of them was mike. we had been friends for a few days and eventually hooked up (never had a one night stand btw) and i felt a good connection with him. unfortunately i had booked a ticket to the other side of the country that day and we talked about maybe meeting later on somewhere else in sea. about 10 days later i could feel a bit of travel fatigue/loneliness and wrote to him. he said he was going home to his state in the us, let's say ohio. i'm european btw. he said i should come, we could go camping and see many beautiful things. now i know this make me look insane, but i wasnt having fun where i was and said fuck it, never been to the us anyways. got my esta, bought a ticket with return to my home country a month later. i arrived and that state is paradise. i loved it. the waterfalls, volcanoes, beaches, i even got to swim with wild dolphins and turtles!! mostly hitchhiking and camping. mike was a sweetheart, i liked our conversations and the sex too. i fell for him.. we were basically together 24/7 for a month and he was so great, the adventures where exciting and i got a bit carried away.. i took care of him too, when he was quite often in alot of pain. but i had to go home then, we were both broke. i thought maybe we could keep in contact and see how it goes, i'd be willing to relocate if things kept going well. but it's clear he doesn't want that, he says he has to focus on his own life and doesn't have much time to talk or even chat. but that "we never know what the future brings". i am trying to let go. he has to work, he has to receive treatment that comes with nausea and pain. coming home with no real job and depressed because of heartbreak/travels ending, wasn't fun. but i'm glad i broke up with my bf and i feel confident that it was the best decision for both of us. thanks again, reddit. tl;dr broke up with bf and didn't regret it	9
i (20f) have a lifelong friend (20f) who has befriended (or been befriended by) a girl who made my life hell a few years ago. i used to be friends with a girl (a). i ended the friendship because she made me feel awful about myself and it was overall a toxic relationship for me. at the same time, i was friends with the girl from the title (b) and she heard about the crap i was going through with girl a. girl b saw how much girl b hurt me. now, girl a and b go to the same college and girl a joined the same sorority as girl b this semester. it's a big enough sorority i didn't think they would end up seeing each other a lot and girl b said she didn't want to be friends with girl a anyways. but i just got on facebook and am seeing a lot of photos of them hugging with captions like "i love you " and i feel somewhat betrayed. girl b knows how much girl a hurt me but they still hangout and i'm hurt as well as jealous because i don't get to see girl b as often anymore. i don't want to tell her who she can and can't be friends with, but i am hurt, especially because she didn't tell me she was hanging out with girl a. i'm also scared that girl a is going to undermine me to girl b and try to "steal" her from me because that's the kind of person i know her to be. should i say anything to girl b about how hurt i am? or should i just let it go/advice for getting over it? tl;dr lifelong friend has befriended an old, somewhat abusive friend despite this lifelong friend knowing what this old friend did. seeking advice on how to deal with it.	3
i just realized this the way kissing works is you find a human and put lips together and share spit to show love but oh well, i still want my lip virginity gone	7
my (25f) married boss (37m) had an affair with me is threatening me. this is a doozy. i'll try and sum it up. i already know i've made terrible decisions 2019 and i've been feeling the guilt for days so no need to let me have it. i'm more curious what i now have to do in this situation and i'm relying on y'all for better perspective. 4 months ago i was messaged by current boss (let's call him todd) on a networking site saying he wanted to bring me on in restaurant management. this is a place that is franchised and i go regularly as does my family to this location. he's the head chef. i was hired. throughout the 4 months he steadily flirted with me, always touching me, making comments. i never thought anything of it as he does it to anyone and he's married. todd continually texted me outside of work. when i wouldn't respond i'd get a "really?!..." or some comment about how long it took me. the job promised promotions and felt as though it was going nowhere. todd approached me one day after work for a drink at the bar, which was normal. he offered to drive me home and immediately started rubbing my leg, trying to kiss my hand. he was charming and i knew it was completely wrong. somehow we stated kissing and then i backed off, asked him what he was doing. i said "you're married." he looked disappointed somehow that i knew this and maybe thought i didn't... i asked if he had an open relationship, he said no. he asked if he said he could come inside, i said i wasn't comfortable with it and had no idea what he wanted. the job was going nowhere, and i felt i was hired by todd as his amusement because he liked my photo. this was a place i enjoyed being at though. however i felt super uncomfortable returning so i gave my notice the next day. hadn't returned since or really talk to him after. i got a text the next week and we both stupidly drunkenly met up, at his house actually. *their house.* i knew it was terrible and stupid and somehow... went anyway. i know.... that night i almost felt sympathy because he said how unhappy he was and would just stare and me and say how wished it was me and life was unfair. if he could trade places he would. he wanted to change his situation and wished i was his girl instead. (blah, blah.) i didn't ask him any questions or ask him to say any of this but it felt like he was just confiding in me. i simply responded that i'd meet him where he was at with this. it felt like he genuinely confessed something to me. **here it goes:** the next week i heard nothing from todd. when he's always texting me. i said we should meet and talk. he said there's nothing to talk about. i said we should just go over it. he said it's not complicated, don't over think it. (*dating a married man isn't complicated okay*) he kept ignoring me the next week. i finally called, and said if he feels like this i'm not just a booty call and it would've been nice to hear from him. he totally shut down and responded by saying he has no time for me and kept yelling at me saying "i expect answers like i'm in 12th grade" and to get over it. he then messaged me saying he felt sick to his stomach and i deserved the world. i couldn't keep up and i'm still confused rn tbh. he sent me a text just now saying something like he's 'going to block my number, if i ever contact him, if i ever see him again, if i ever go to his place of work, he has friends and cousins who are members of the police. and he will contact his friends' ???? this is a place i visited. worked. had parties at. i'm still owed money from the bar. i feel like i'm being harassed and threatened into never showing up again when he has no grounds to do this. he has only worked there 8 months. i did for 4 of them. it's like i was just hired as amusement and used. i've accepted we both obviously made bad choices here. but now it's like i'm being silenced and harassed. i think he's just afraid of his wife knowing obviously. i'm not sure how to approach this, or even how to return to this place, for my money or parties as usual. as the other woman i've been feeling like absolute shit. and would the wife even want to know...?!! any advice is welcome.... **tldr;** married boss hired me and hit on me and we hooked up. i quit and am still owed money from work and he's threatening me into never returning.	2
how to deal with my [26f] bf [25m] not listening to me + controlling issues. let me start off by saying there are good times. and then there are these times. i have been with my bf for 6 years now, living together for 3. we have had ups and downs and lately it's been more downs, my depression is coming back, i've noticed some controlling issues (i think they are) and i am just becoming unhappy. i moved states to be here though so i don't have much here other than a small friend group. i don't even have my own bank account. this is the second summer in a row where i think i'm falling into a depression. it hasn't gotten awful yet where i wake up every day wanting to cry, but i can feel it leading there. the past couple months i've been dealing with a lot of arguments with my so and they are usually about stupid shit he makes a big deal. telling me who i can and can't work with, tried bringing sugar in the house, telling me the house is disgusting because i have been going more places (which i took this summer off because i usually work 7 days a week every may-october and it was hurting my mental health). so now i work part time and have been enjoying my summer for the first time since i've moved here, and my bf says i just hate our house because i'm never home and makes me feel like i don't do anything in it. which isn't true even days i go somewhere i always make it a point to at least clean the kitchen, sweep and maybe do a load of laundry or clean the toilets. then the days i am home i fully clean up. i am a very passive person and want to make others happy and i am also very non confrontational. if i can see something is going to upset him or end in an argument i back off. well i think that's why we've been arguing so much lately is because there's marriage coming up and i'm tired of being the one to back off and i'm scared to think i wouldn't be happy like this for the rest of my life. i posted here a month ago about an incident with an orange (i wouldn't peel it, became a huge issue and he ended up squeezing it all over me in the bath and then made me clean it up) and he gets upset whenever i bring it up because he says i wouldn't like if he held something over me, so it's not fair to hold this over him for a month. i told him little things have been happening that make a little sensor in my brain go off like i'm being controlled. i tried opening up about this to him (which is hard for me i usually just bottle it all up) and he immediately snapped back and asked for exact moments this has happened to which i could give him a few, and he got super upset and said i was crazy and i have a little bug in my head and daddy control issues that make me feel like i'm being controlled when i'm not. :/ i also tried bringing up how it's not fair i always have to be the one in a disagreement to back off and he wanted exact situations to which my upset brain couldn't give so he said it didn't count... he's emotionally manipulated me into not working with someone which is why this whole big argument started originally. i was gonna work 1 day a week bringing in an extra $100 a week and he got super angry about it saying he didn't want me to, i wasn't allowed to work with this person, i didn't ask first which triggered something in me because i am almost 30 years old. i shouldn't be having to ask permission to work. he told me that it made him uncomfortable to work with this person and that i should respect his uncomfortableness and not work. i tried telling him that wasn't fair (i had already worked the previous 3 years with this person and made really good money... ) and that just saying he's uncomfortable and shutting the convo down and telling me who i can and can't work with is ridiculous. said if money is that important he will just start working an hour overtime each day so i don't have to. anyways sorry for this being long and scattered my brain has it all jumbled up with frustration. so issues like this have been happening. he acts just like his dad and i've told him a couple times he acts like both my dad and his dad and i won't marry someone like that and at first i thought it helped, he calmed down but it's just happening again he gets so angry and doesn't scream but raises his voice at me, berates me for all the things i haven't done around the house, or if he doesn't yell he just shuts down and stops talking to me and ignores me for the rest of the night. so then there's these weird tension eggshells i'm walking in in my own home. which really sucks. the getting him to listen part is sometimes he follows me around the house like a 3 year old would and doesn't back off of me or give me personal space. he literally will wrap himself around me or press himself against my back or face and not move or follow me around. oh fun games for him i guess but it frustrates the shit out of me. i try not to yell, i don't want to be yelled at so i try to have that same respect. so it's usually around 10 minutes of me asking him to please get off of me, give me my own space, please leave me alone ect. it's like he loves to make me angry like wtf just get off of me dude. last night i tried to go to sleep and he came into the bed, laid on top of me and wouldn't get off so i kept trying to wiggle away. he said he was just trying to cuddle and kept wrapping his thighs around me and shit and i was very uncomfortable but he wouldn't get off me, and so i started yelling at him after asking him please just leave me alone. then he got upset cause i was yelling at him. to which he flipped upset down and was then laying with his face at my feet and his feet on my head and kept rubbing his feet against my forehead and his knees in my back. he's stronger than me so i can't push him away and our couch is too small to sleep on so i felt trapped and it almost brought me to tears. this could have been all fun and games for maybe 5 minutes but it lasted for thirty + minutes. he ended up laying in the middle of the bed so i was stuck either way with his stupid fucking feet in my face because he would turn whichever side i tried laying on. i told him probably 50 times to please just leave me alone or move over so i could go to bed, i wasn't having fun, i didn't want to play i just wanted to go to sleep. well after that 30ish minutes or so of me getting mad at him he eventually got up and left and slept on the couch or floor all night and hasn't spoken to me yet today. so guess that's another fun thing to look forward to when he gets home from work. like come on what the fuck. i can be playful but he pushes me over the edge. and brings me to the point i feel helpless and just want to cry out of frustration. is this normal shit people do? this is my first relationship, and i feel like it's killing my mental health. tl;dr: bf of 6 years has been showing more controlling issues with me, then makes me feel like i'm crazy and it's all in my head. i can feel my depression kicking back in and my mental health tanking. he also doesn't listen to me when i ask him to leave me alone or give me some space and it makes me feel trapped. is this normal??? it's my first relationship and i think it's slowly killing my mental health.	15
my(19f) mother(42f) is hot and cold towards me and driving me up the wall. i've dealt with this since a child, as she would go in and out of relationships and adjust her attention accordingly. i never felt truly loved or taken care of and learned to find that love elsewhere in the family. any time she gave me the time of day it was like talking to a robot, no enthusiasm in her tone or genuine happiness for me. but she always seemed to come around when i actually did something that impressed other people or made a big accomplishment and claim "that's my girl!!" i started my first semester of college and managed to get straight a's while working 2 jobs. haven't talked to her in over 9 months but after hearing about this decides to message me about how she's so proud, always has been and always will be. but if she were wouldn't she have bothered with the little things that i've done too, or keep up with my whereabouts? haven't lived with her since i was 10 but she had contact with me and my brothers. in the past 2 years though i've been trying to keep my distance from her because i know she's problematic for me. but there's been family issues because my grandparents want everyone at family gatherings and if i refuse because she's there, they just cancel and don't show up because i don't wanna be around my mom, and they'll spend the day with her instead. i don't wanna cause any more issues but she's still bothering me with this come and go pattern and saying something whenever something positive involving me happens. i don't know if i should set limits with her and try to keep everyone else happy or do what's truly best for me. i know that it's not the worst thing to happen in history, but it takes a toll on me over time. long post, but if you got this far thanks for reading. any and all advice would be appreciated tl;dr!: mother is come and go and is pushing me past my limits	6
i am a white person you guys, so you'd think i'm not able to say the n word. but i actually have a pass	0
go on my p a g e and comment something here and i'll answer you'll see what i mean	5
ayam penyet 🏻 yumy yumy in my tummy	18
i didn't wish my dad father's day so it's dad's day (happy father's day) and guess what? i didn't wish my dad one. i mean it doesn't feel good but it doesn't feel right as well. i haven't had the best of relationship with him but i try to lately. i can tell he's trying to make up for the years he wasn't there for me as well but i just couldn't wish him a happy father's day today. well	2
families rejecting marriage due to nationality you'd think these things are in the past, and it's not like we're the first couple to do this but bf- conservative hindu family used to choosing husband/wife for their kid, elder siblings get to voice their opinions too. only boy. me- catholic sea female from a "notorious" country. only kid, fam preferring similar nationality. now we've talked to both parents of our intention to get married but it's fast turning out to be your typical afternoon tv soap opera/drama. it's disheartening. any friendly encouragements at this point are appreciated, please?	2
my gf told me to kiss her best friend so a bit of backstory... i recently i told my gf that i like when she kisses other girls as long as i'm there (i think that's fair, i mean i like what i like,) and we went to a party yesterday and were absolutely trashed (surprised i even remember this happening). my gf and i were dancing and we ended making out and her best friend found us and somehow her and my gf started kissing. that sorta got me going so i kissed my gf and then out of nowhere she stops, looks at me and then looks at her friend and just goes "kiss her". i mean, i did and i can't say i didn't enjoy it, but i've felt so guilty ever since. a lot of people saw it too, which isn't a big deal but that means our friends kept bringing it up today in front of the 3 of us and it just kept reminding me and making me feel guilty about it. worst thing is i sort of want to do it again. i did feel like a bit of a gangster with 2 girls on my arms though tl;dr - my gf told me to kiss her best friend at a party and i feel like i cheated but want to do it again	1
you're beautiful there, i said it.	3
call me a redditor again and we're gonna have some problems damn ads	2
man it's a tough world saw a post implying men with 40k karma had huge dongs and like had to reject supermodels and shiz. some men have all the luck	14
so lazy that i prefer swipe text even though it fails me sometimes i hate it when it doesn't know what word i'm swiping, but not enough to stop using it. it certainly is a love-hate relationship.	1
i gotchu <3	16
i had an amazing day yesterday :) i'm 16 and i make music. i was searching for a singer for my track and one of my friends says that she knows a girl. it turns put that this girl is one or two year younger than me, lives 100 meter from me, she sings like a divinity, she is very interesting and she has literally my same interests. she is also very pretty (note that i'm not so good with girls), and yesterday we talked on the phone for two hours and a half. maybe she don't like me and nothing will happen, but just talking to her is a huge thing for me, and it makes my heart so happy	6
what is something you do that you feel like other people would judge you for? just bored and want to be nosey	8
getting kicked out of foodlion for my boobs being out okay so this actually did happen today. as one can probably tell by my page i'm a cam girl/amateur pornstar. i operate on different sites. well i got a crazy offer last night, a guy offered me $550 to cut off a t-shirt right at my nipples and walk into a store, shop, and check out. sounds dumb right? well i thought about it and thought about it all night long and decided fuck it.. i can't turn down that much money. so i worked up the balls to do it. i drove the next town over, in my cut off shirt (weather below freezing btw) and did it. tits out and all. i felt trashy af, because well... it's trashy. but i did it anyway. i of course looked up my state laws first, and it's not illegal. just trashy. so as i'm walking around trying to do this video people of course start staring and laughing i heard one lady "oh my god you can see that girls titties" i bust out in a nervous laughter. finally after numerous comments and stares and laughs, the manager approached me and asked me to either cover up and leave. poor lady was as nice as she could be tho. so i apologized and ran out. $550 richer tho i still can't believe i actually did that. i'm ashamed yet proud.	1
hey guys! am i crazy? lool i think i'm becoming a selfish human being since after my break up (6 year relationship). i literally just think about how i can benefit myself and i just enjoy being by myself n doing my own thing. i wasn't ever this type of person though, is this normal after a break up? oh! & i started talking to this guy and i do like him but sometimes i just want to skip the whole 'get to know you' process. like i just expect us to like each other and it's either we serious or not (absolute madness i know) oh well. hope everyone is having a good day!	1
has god every stopped you from being with someone? i to read post this with a different title i met a man online and we talked for a week before we met each other. we lived about 50 minutes away from each other. i work in his town so we decided that we would meet up for dinner after work. we became super curious to know what it would be like meeting face to face so we moved up the date. he told me he would come to my town, awesome! it would save me on gas . last minute he asks if i could come to his town fine. while driving down i was upset and didn't think the date would go well. he was late to the date but shit happens right? when we finally meet up i notice that he looks a bit older than his age. so we finally sit down with drinks in hand and begin getting to know each other. he started to talk first, he seemed a bit nervous. so i just let him talk. listening to him we had a lot in common! i was getting a bit excited getting to know him. we walked outside of the coffee house into this candy museum. that's where we kissed! this date was going a lot better than i anticipated. we then walked around the park for hours and talked about life and what we wanted from it. he then told me how he didn't have any expectations at the start of the date, he explained to me how some people were dull or that they wouldn't even show up! we decided to get food afterwards. since it was a holiday not that many places where open so we decided to go back to his place to watch bojack horseman! he had never seen it and i insisted that it was a good show. ( i know this may sound a bit dangerous going over someone's house that you just met but i texted my friends the address and checked in with them every two hours until i knew that i was okay). once we got into his home he showed me around. then we began making it and other adult things happen, it was consensual. afterwards we ended up watch bojack horseman and did more adult thing throughout the night which was still consensual. it was around 3am he told me his anxieties. he told me that his mind was on the what-if train. we're both christian and we admitted to each other some anxieties that we had about entering relationships. we told each other that if god wants us together than it will happen. but i also believe that a person has to be intentional with their decisions. we go to sleep. he insisted that i spend the night. i wake up and i can tell that he is still anxious. we had planned to spend this day together. he has kids from a previous marriage that he has part time this day he didn't have the kids. i get ready for work and leave. while at was at work i started reflecting on his nervousness and decided to cancel the meeting up with him after work. i read in a dating book that women have to make a man want to miss them? how true this is i don't know. two days later he told me how his anxieties never left and that he felt god say not now or this one. i was sad. what can you say to that? i was sad for a couple of weeks then stopped thinking about it. i apart of me hope's that we reconnect and the other part of me is excited to meet someone new. please provide some insight and encouragement tl;dr guy that i was seeing claims that god said not to move forward with me.	1
time to start some controversy. here we go people! if a person that was born into this world by force because "they didn't consent to be aborted" then does that mean that they have the right to kill themselves when they get older? i mean, is their *choice* so i don't see what the problem is. with that being said, the law that punishes people to k themselves should be disposed because it takes away the right for a person that was born into this world by force to free themselves. *sits back and enjoys the controversy flood in*	10
swiping right on a feminist? okay i'm here a tad bit tipsy, i get on tinder because i got a match! i will admit i didn't read her bio, didn't know the fact it states "tall guys only". i sent her a light "should of read your whole poem . she loses it, than says all guys are stupid, which i lightly replied "some of the smartest minds were guys though" which of course makes her furious and tells me to go back to the middle east something camel. td;dr i'm black.	2
hey reddit have you ever had a conversation with someone who didnt speak your language? i remember an experience i had once a couple of years ago. i was in manhattan at a bar with an old friend and as we started downing our drinks (getting a little tipsy) an old asian man sitting by himself raised his glass to us and also downed his drink. being friendly people me and my friend ordered another round for us and one for him, the man smiled and put his hands together doing a thankful gesture so we decided to get up and sit next to him (drinking alone is no fun we thought). turns out he cant speak english and from all the anime me and my friend have watched we could definitely tell he was speaking japanese . after figuring this out we all tried to conversate using two languages roughly and many hand gestures lol. there was laughter, smiles, and after a couple of hours and many more drinks we all parted ways wishing each other well. i can't recall his name but i know we exchanged them and i definitely remember working out that he was on business. sometimes i wonder how we all sat there for so long barely being able to understand each other and yet having such a good time. i hope he is well wherever he is and i also want to know if anyone else has had an experience like this.	9
your hands would make such a good necklace i mean maybe i could try them out idk	5
question to my fellow asian-americans & filipinos y'all get hella nervous when going outside now in the wake of these asian hate crimes ? i swear to you i now walk paranoid as hell that imma get socked by a white person my lola really said "hey be careful you might get attacked" when i left the house like pakshettttt smh #stopasianhate	19
help exposing cheating (34m) who is treating (30f) like dirt. 6 month relationship but it's serious. i feel so guilty knowing what i know. okay... so... my fiance has this friend let's call him bob. bob has a girlfriend, let's call her mary. they've been seeing each other for around 6 months. mary is currently looking after his pet while he's away on holiday (cheating on her). bob has cheated on every single woman that he's ever been with and he brags about it to his friends (hence why i've been burdened with this information). bob had a 2 year affair with his sister-in-law behind one girlfriends backs, was sleeping with prostitutes whilst with another and he actually attacked his most recent ex partner when she challenged him with proof about cheating on her and left her with bruises all over her body. that poor girl invested 3 years of her life in him and he broke her down emotionally with his lies and eventually physically. the last time i saw her she was in a terrible place mentally, had lost all her trust and self confidence and if i'm honest, seemed like a shadow of the happy, bubbly girl she used to be. it's safe to say i'm not a fan of bob, but i stay civil because he's one of my partners oldest friends. i know it's none of my business but mary seems so lovely, smart, attractive, funny & sweet. i really want to warn her before she gets in too deep and gets her heart broken, she deserves better- everyone deserves better than bob. before bob went away he told my boyfriend that he planned to get 'as much strange as possible' whilst away, he packed 'enough condoms to fuck three times a day for the two weeks he's there. i hate that i know this information but me and my oh are very open with eachother and many of the comments i've overheard while they've been on the phone or messaging when we're having a snuggle. my oh doesn't condone bob's behaviour and has given his opinion in cheating, he doesn't go out drinking with bob anymore but as they grew up so closely he feels that he is more like family and therefore 'accepts him as he is' as he is a good friend to him- even though he treats women like shit. i really don't know what to do. i don't want this girl to end up like all the others, i want her to know what he's like now and save herself the heartache or a life of being with someone who will be (and already is) disrespecting her. i'd be devastated and humiliated if i found out my man was like bob. i can't tell her myself as it will have repercussions for me and my oh. does anyone have any experience with things like this? i can't get it off my mind, the guilt of knowing is killing me and she's absolutely smitten with him, i couldn't live with myself if they eventually married and i'd done nothing. thanks in advance. tl;dr - how to save a woman from getting in deep with a man who will treat her badly.	3
my bf has to leave overseas with work and i'm heartbroken i really support him. i'm happy for him. i actually wrote him some negociation tips and ideas and i prepared him for the interview (i have trainings in these things). he will have to do some trainings overseas for a few months. personally, i'm dying inside and i just wanted to share this. we've never been apart for so long in these 6 years of relationship. but i support him if he wants this. for some it may be 'basic' but i am heartbroken and i wanted to share ;( i already live alone in this huge city (i was living with him). staying alone for a few months is gonna be horrible. i'm gonna miss him so so much	14
guys im texting and riding my bike im so cool	0
what was your "gateway" drink to coffee? i was thinking about this on my way to work the other day. i recently tried dunkin's cold brew and the coffee taste is so much stronger (in a good way!). then i was like... wow. i started off drinking medium iced caramel swirl light and sweet like 5 years ago. now i drink coffee with just cream, no sugar. soon i bet i'll be drinking black what was your gateway drink?	1
hey you, yeah you you're looking fine af today ngl	5
rip the male snoo may he be in v o i d forever	2
okay so update i can't sleep	0
anyone else had that dream where the microwave is a time bomb? just me? okay...	1
can someone wish me happy birthday? it's my 17th birthday today and nobody remembered. i made my birthday private on facebook this year and nobody remembered at all. not even my close friends. i thought they would remember because every year they would. but turns out it's just because of the facebook notification. :( i know birthdays are quite overrated but it just makes me sad that noone remembered. :( reddit, could you send some wishes my way? edit: thank you so much for the birthday wishes! you guys are truly good people. it's already tomorrow where i am (melbourne), and i'm so thankful that so many kind redditors wished me before the day was up :) have a great day everyone! :)	3
please don't offer to do something for my special needs brother if you don't mean it... *venting* i recently got hired at a company that claims it's very "family-like" where everyone looks out for each other. there are groups of people who go out and drink often and i got invited to go out as well. these groups often include managers, supervisors, hr reps...an interesting mix of people. anyway, my boss invited me out for a drink with a bunch of them so i agreed. now, there is a coworker who travels and is rarely in the office who basically has told me he likes me but understands i have a boyfriend, but he's cool with being friends and is there if i ever need something. i only really started talking to him a week or so prior. , but everyone in the office has such high regards for him. he was there and this is who this story is really about. so we all went out, we were drinking talking about ourselves, super casual, when someone asked about me and my family. i gave them a very basic answer but they wanted to dive deeper so i started talking about my younger brother who has special needs. now i should preface that my family is a peculiar case. my parents were alcoholics/ drug addicts, mental illness was/is rampant in my family. my little brother is currently diagnosed with "pervasive developmental disorder-not otherwise specified," the doctors basically said "hey something is wrong with him but we don't specifically know what." as a child he was diagnosed with autism, and then mental retardation. and that kid has come a damn far way. he was practically nonverbal as a child and had explosive anger issues. after our mother died and then our father was arrested with 16 duis and 3 felonies we were taken in by a family member. she got my brother into many different therapies including social skills, speech therapy, group therapy, the works. now he lives in a special needs assisted living community (in his own apartment!), has a job at a grocery store bagging and collecting carts, has a girl friend (also special needs), and he was in the special olympics. i'm pretty protective of him, we've been through some fucking shit and we made it. but, i'm not always there for him like i would like to be and i really should be spending more time with him and taking him out. anyway, they were asking about him and i told them how he's been a little lonely since he graduated high school where he saw his friends everyday, and there were planned activities/events. he has also regressed in terms of social skills and language due to the fact that he isn't in school anymore and he is interacting mostly with other individuals who struggle with communication skills. i think this has been a quite an issue for him as he has expressed frustration due to difficulties in communicating how he's feeling. well the guy, was saying how he would love to hang out with my brother, take him to baseball games, the rec center, just play video games, whatever. i didn't believe him at first but he insisted that he would love to help. i honestly started to cry a little bit. it isn't often that someone outside of my family offers to do something so kind for my little bro. well fast forward a few days and he brought it up again. i wasn't going to bring it up because i just assumed he was trying to be nice and he was drunk at the time of offering. again a little overwhelmed with emotions we started talking about it and what they would do together. he then told me that him hanging out with my little brother was contingent on me basically breaking up with my boyfriend of 6 years and dating him... oh and he would have to leave him new wife that he isn't happy with. excuse me, but what the fuck? no! i was very clear that i had a long time boyfriend, and that the guy was nice and all but it's just not going to work right now, and he was cool with it. he then started saying how if my boyfriend was really "my man" that my bf would hang out with my brother (and yes we do). why the fuck would you offer this to someone after discussing that and then saying it was contingent on dating when i told them it wasn't going to happen?? omg sorry everyone but i just can't get over that. go back to your wife that you are trying to cheat on and stay away from me and my brother. tl/dr: i was telling my coworker about my special needs brother and how i don't hang with him as much as i should and he offered to be his friend/ mentor. turns out he was trying to get in my pants and the offer to be my brothers friend was contingent on that...	3
feeling kinda down. let's chat. just one of those days, i guess. i want people to interact with and no one is talking to me. so let's be friends.	6
i had road rage today. might need someone to talk me down because i just now had this realization; what if it was a coworker or boss who i honked at? i don't even road rage. i was having a super shit day, and after leaving work someone in a suv did something super illegal and stupid (squeezing by people waiting at a light in a single lane, passing, and cutting me off *in* the intersection) laid on my horn for a few seconds because they deserved it, but i went the extra mile and flipped them off. because fuck it and fuck them, and we'll never see each other again. unless i do!!!! ugh. listing off ways in my mind it probably wasn't someone i knew, or ways they wouldn't know it was me.	4
sad boy hours me and my girlfriend of almost 9 months split... she left me cuz her parents wanted us to split and she thought it'd be difficult because.... i'm not a christian and her family is super christian. we had it so well together... she didn't want to leave either but she saw it as the best option. i just find it annoying that religion matters tbh, i liked her allot and we had many good times together :,( i gotta respect her decision tho cuz u mean she made some good points and i don't wanna be an ass and make her mad, we still plan on being friends but it'll never be the same again. im gonna miss her, back to isolating myself and being sad oof	14
poem of love and hatred fortnite's dead, minecraft will be too, i hate writing this, but u know it's true	4
so j went to the barber to get a haircut and i tild him to just give me alittle t rim and he practically shaved off my head and the only reason i didn't run out of the shop without paying him is because there was also a police officer whid come in for a haircut ye s i know i'm petty thats why i chose this username. ok bye i'm gonna go cri now. note: no i am not gonna fux any on the typos	3
best tips to fall asleep came across something that has just angered me and i cannot go to sleep. i know i should get off my phone but i'm bored. i have 8 hour shift in a few hours too	14
just found out it's gay to engage in sexual activity with someone of the same sex	5
i'm literally bopping to [ihatemetoo](<url>) its so relatable	15
i am reading messages with pedophiles instead of school as usual help	4
when she been workin out real hard for a few hours and you go to eat some coochie and a bunch of steam comin off it like a bag of popcorn >>>>>> this has been copied and pasted because i don't get no coochie	0
it's the 20th aniversery of 9/11 we will remember all those innocent lives that have been lost in this tragic day. all the cops and firefighters that have lost their lives trying to save people and all the lives our families have lost . we are here for you.	2
y'all know what time it is? it's time to be sad and blame yourself for things you can control time	0
update- four followers now tbh i appreciate you all a little less now, the fame has kinda got to my head , and i do have favorites out of the four of y'all	17
bought some stuff with my bday money a tea seat and some tea and biscuits. body care stuff (honey scented) and some lovely make up. i'm so girly	9
why do so many teen dramas believe that all teens do is just have sex? do those teens ever play video games or just idk study? i mean, if they wanted to be realistic they would show the teens watching porn and jerking off instead lol	1
wishing all my neopronoun users a pleasant evening if u use traditional pronouns i hope u have an evening	7
everyone hates me on reddit i try to talk to people on here as an escape from the real world where i have no friends but everyone always attacks me.no matter where i go everyone hates me and will never accept me	2
making a sick jojo's reference during a funeral disclaimer: happened about a week ago. ok, so i had recently binged jojo's bizarre adventure all the way to the end of stardust crusaders. after watching this much jojo's in the span of a few days, one's brain usually turns to mush. and all you do is talk about jojo's and make jojo's references. this was basically the state i found myself in. then a friend's father passed unexpectedly. me and 2 of my closest friends(whom i had also infected with the jojo's virus) went to the funeral together. let's call them zack and james. we were all sitting together on one bench, with me being in the middle. so the priest starts talking about how the deceased' journey hasn't ended yet, and that he will take on an astral form and live on forever. at this point, the gears in my head turned automatically, and i looked to zack and whispered: "like a stando". he did not get it at first, but james saw/heard my stupidity and playfully punched me in the stomach. zack saw me getting punched, understood what i had said and let out a loud snicker, before trying to control the laughter that was welling up inside of him. james and zack were literally dying and i just sat there, clenching my eyes shut, trying to look as sad and remorseful as i could. they did draw a little bit of attention to themselves, but nothing really major. probably got a few angry stares here and there. now i don't know if this post fits here or not . i definitely feel like i fucked up, but it was a very memorable moment we had there. tldr: made a sick jojo's reference during a funeral, made my friends almost laugh their asses off and drew unwanted attention to them.	9
what is the best chemical that i can drop into my left eye to make me go blind? i think i would look dope with one blind eye. i got a dropper to put the chemical into my eye with and now i just need to know what to get. don't get worried or anything i'm not into harming my myself or somethin like that. 🏾	18
i'm in love with tinkerbell if only girls were real i could have her in more than just my schizophrenic delusions	2
staying in relationship despite wanting to see other people so i'm almost 24f, he's almost 21. we've been dating for 6 months. we only see eachother at weekends, because we work during the week and live almost an hour apart. i enjoy my time with him, but when i'm away from him, i feel disconnected. he doesn't call or text me. i told him i wanted to text more and he definitely started texting more but not enough to have the type of stimulating conversation i want/need. i told him we should call more too but he said he doesn't like phone conversations. we've literally never spoken on the phone. i've found myself getting so lonely recently that i've been tempted to join dating apps... i hate that the thought of doing something like that even popped into my head. but i'm craving something that he's just not giving me... time. i feel like i'm the least important person in his life. my family even say he doesn't treat me like a girlfriend, because he chooses to go out with his friends over spending time with me and doesn't talk to me much. i wonder if he's not ready to have a serious relationship yet, afterall he is 3 years younger than me and guys do mature slower than girls apparently. i'm ready to give my all to somebody, but i feel like i can't give my all to him, because he's not giving his all to me. apart from the lack of communication during the week, our sex life is... quite terrible. i won't go into detail on that one but basically i don't think it's fixable, i think we're just not compatible sexually. i've nearly broken up with him like 3 times because of these issues but everytime i mention it he talks me round and says he likes me so much ("likes", not loves ) so i end up staying. but then the loneliness hits again and i find myself wanting to see if there are other guys out there who i'd be better off with. i asked him if we could just be friends, but he said no. he said if we break up we will no longer see or speak to eachother. i think that's the main reason i'm still with him, i don't want to lose him as a friend. he means so much to me and i think he's amazing but deep down i know we're wasting our time being in a relationship with each other despite having so much in common hobby wise. tl;dr: staying with boyfriend because i'm scared of losing him as a friend, despite knowing we aren't right for eachother. we're not sexually compatible and we're in different stages of our lives emotionally.	11
as a christian, i just want to say i'm sorry it hurts to say it but i can honestly, without a doubt, understand why so many people in this country have chosen to stay away from or leave christianity and believe that christians are just hateful judgemental people. i can say it because i can see it. social media has really given me a look into just how much many christians try to use their religion to justify their hate and bigotry towards others. (it doesn't by the way) they even try to use it to justify their belief that they have the right to judge others. so many even believe that our laws should be based on the bible. no, it shouldn't. do you have any idea just how insane that would be? no one can measure up to all expectations laid out in the bible. that's exactly why jesus chose to die for us remember? because we are all sinners. why can't we stop using pieces of scripture to try to condemn others or tell them what they should do with their lives and start loving them instead like jesus told us to do?! for my friends out there who have left christianity or have decided they want nothing to do with it. i get it. i understand why you would feel that way and i just want to say, i'm sorry. we are not all like what you have experienced. i promise you that. i won't judge you with scripture and i won't attempt to tell you what to do either. i will offer you my hand to hold or shoulder to cry on instead. i don't have much, but i will offer you anything i may have that you need instead. i will listen to you without judgement. we are all sinners here just trying to make the best of what life throws at us.	3
my cat got hit by a car.... so let me tell yall something i was eating my dinner and my poor cat was wrapped in a blanket by my neighbor's so my sister aent out and shouted my cats name (his name is patch) and all she heard was cries so she went to the road and she was greeted by the neighbor's holding the cat in a blanket and his eye was out of his socket his tongue was hanging out he broke a couple bones so then after we took him to the vetrenairy he needed stitches and stuff so he was there for like a week not to sure but after the time period he came home with a cone safe and sound i had tears of joy and he snuggled up to me after	6
am i allowed in cool kid gang am i?	13
haha i wont have to buy condoms until i move out because i found them in my moms cabinet	0
16 year old dating a 20 year old is it weird when a 16 year old male dates a 20 year old female? she looks, and sounds like the girls at my age. (showed a picture of her to my friends and they said the same thing) she's nice and smart which is pretty much the reason why i fell in love.	9
should i even bother applying for an interview given my current issues? (also posted to r/advice because i'll take all the advice i can get) hey all, i recently got invited to apply for an interview for a third year university paper. the 'paper' is a year-long course where teams of students work on projects offered by actual companies (e.g. fonterra) with regards to supply chain management/optimization. at first i was pretty surprised that i received this email because i thought my major had nothing to do with this paper, but i emailed the coordinator and he assured me that my second year paper would be beneficial for this course. i want to apply for the interview, but on the other hand i don't know if i should even bother. here are the reasons/things that are making me doubt myself: 1) they look at your gpa, cv, and overall academic transcript. mine aren't looking too good for all three aspects. last semester, i got a c+ and c in two of my papers (dropped the major for these papers this semester), partially due to family issues (dad had a heart attack) and personal issues (i was seeing a counselor about depression/anxiety). i don't think the interviewers will find this entirely believable because i got a+ and b+ in the two other papers i took last semester. i only did well in those papers because i put basically all my mental effort into those, and i actually enjoyed them compared to the two papers i almost failed. as a result, my gpa has plummeted because of the two c papers. how could i even begin to explain this to them? 2) my cv is looking pretty blank when it comes to relevant qualifications, recognitions, and overall experience. i've worked two hospitality jobs before, but i don't think that's relevant. all my other friends who applied for internships and stuff have pages of relevant rewards and scholarships and i don't have much of that. i was offered a law scholarship last year which i didn't take, and i received a first in course award for a language teaching paper - can i still include that on the cv even if it doesn't directly relate to this project interview? 3) co-curricular activities at university are pretty much non-existent at the current moment. as i said before, i was dealing with some depression/anxiety issues, and mixing that with low self-esteem meant that i couldn't bring myself to join any clubs or groups at university out of fear that people will judge me. it's getting a little bit better now - i've participated in a japanese-new zealand speaking club, where i can talk to japanese students (i have a jlpt n2 certificate, but i don't think that's relevant for the project again). i was just there as a member and not part of the actual management team. my average day consists of going to lectures, going to work, hitting the gym, and then some 'me-time' where i'm learning to code or just watching twitch streamers. travelling to and from university takes a solid 2 hours out of my day. 4) i'm worried that if i do get in, i'll be dragging everyone else in my team down. i'm quite a slow learner (what people instantly understand in lectures takes me at least half an hour of reading-over at home to understand) and sometimes i'm afraid of getting my contributions shut down. i don't have many friends and it's hard for me to make friends, because of how insecure i am about myself - i think that makes me emit a very unwelcoming and unapproachable aura. so, i don't know what to do. i don't think i have anything to lose by applying, but i take rejection pretty seriously. i'm already having internal struggles because of family pressure about my degree, so being rejected would be a pretty huge blow to my self-esteem and motivation for university. if i do apply, should i try and bulk up my cv in some way before the interview? the interview should be in the next couple of weeks. should i try and gain some online certification (e.g. google analytics) and add that to my cv? i really think this project would be beneficial for me in the long run but there are just so many current things plaguing my mind and confidence. i don't know what to do. i think i have more flaws than benefits i can offer by taking the paper, but i'm working on improving all of that slowly and steadily. i definitely peaked in terms of grades and happiness back in high school but i'm trying to look beyond that and just strive forward. any advice would be greatly appreciated. thanks guys in advance	6
the worst thing ever has happened bois. i've been having random pains in my left testicle for a few months and yesterday i visited a urologist to check about it and he told me that i have some kind of infection which was causing the pain. he told me that i should not bust a nut for 7 days until it's cured. the worst thing about this is that my washing machine would be very sad for 7 days	4
takong the wrong pills ok this happened several months ago but i still kick myself for this a bit. on mobile btw. quick warning its a tad gross. so this was on a saturday and unfortunately for me i had started my period and the cramps were awful. and sadly my girlfriend had to hear me complain on and on about as well, we were on the phone, but in my defense it really hurt. so i finally gave up trying to deal with it and went through my drawers to try and find any pain killers i had, i only need to take two and then i'm fine for the rest of the week. i found some and took a couple then did my thing and continued with the call. but something wasn't right, i was still in pain! i kept telling my girlfriend how much it hurt (and joked that i was gonna die, the usual) but i noticed i needed to us the bathroom a lot more then usual but whatever right? wrong. i got up to flush and my piss was orange! my dumb self didn't take pain killers i took some pills for a urine infection (had one back in freshman year and i believed this happened early senior year or during the summer) i felt beyond stupid as i told my girlfriend what happened and obviously she laughed and called me dumb, rightfully so as i kept complaining to her about only to find out i did a stupid. i know make sure i double check what i'm taking which i should have done in the first place	11
new to reddit hello friends i haven't met yet!! i'm new to reddit, and i want to know your best tips and tricks for maneuvering this site! bonus points for mentioning your favorite communities to follow. thanks for all your help!!	6
cute girl and i are talking kinda pog she is cute and relatable i think imma catch feels	5
fuck zoloft lexapro ganggggggg	0
a few things about me... i am/have -swift as a coursing river -the force of a great typhoon -as strong as a raging fire -as mysterious as the dark side of the moon well are you impressed ?	17
my crush turned me down i know, a great opener to an amazing story. but i might as well start in the very beginning. i've been a semi popular kid in school for awhile, i know a bit of people and a bit of people know me, i did sports, and extra classes but never any clubs, but i digress. one group of people i knew was a gaggle of girls all around my age, and all pretty attractive. one of them already knew me from sports, and another new me from our shared liking of anime. they will hence be known as vb (for volleyballgirl) and ag. (for animegirl) i took fancy to one girl in particular, she was short, not a midget or anything, but notably shorter than others her age, but she was mature, quiet, but also funny when she wanted to be. she'll be known as crush (for obvious reasons.) as time went on i worked my way more and more into their friend group using my preexisting conections to two girls in the group. i believed my crush and i had been going well together. but, 'tis not the case. only a mere fortnight or so after i joined their group did ag fall akin to me. i later learned she would gush and swoon over me when i was not there. (thanks vg) all her friends pushed us together, emediatley shipping us. basically i ended up pity dating ag for two weeks. during this time she was clingy and would basically lash out at the other girls in the group. during these whole two weeks my crush seemed to get quieter and quieter, to the point where she rarely talked. i felt worse and worse as time went on. eventually i couldn't hold it much longer and told vg. another great mistake i, once again, later learned. vg couldnt keep her mouth shut for the three days at most i needed to break the news to ag. soon the whole friend group, and most of the school new, and lo and behold, ag breaks up with me, saying she understood, however the ghosting says otherwise. on the last day of school our graduates, (eighth graders moving onto high school) have a semi-ritual of all walking the few miles to a local creamery and all get ice cream. that was when i finally planned to ask out my crush. when the fatefull moment came, as she always does, she took it maturely, thanking me for my sincerity, but vg told her of my feelings long before i did, and the fact that i broke up with ag to be with her, made her turn me down. tl;dr pity dated a girl, eventually dumped her and asked out someone i actually liked, but because i didnt ask her out first, she said no. p.s. xavier!	0
i am now going to eat as much candy as i can without getting sick i could do worse things to cope so i'm not worried at all	18
lololololol so funni when your best friend you havent hungout with in 6 months denies your invitation so she can go hangout with some guy that played her and lied to her over 5 times in the past	8
reddit is great bc i can change my profile picture to a pp pic and noone would know i mean not like i did though so you don't have to check bc i didn't change it to that	5
gf of 1 year and 2 months stayed over last night and i snooped at her texts with another guy. i'm really not okay with some stuff that's been said between them. hey. so basically there's this guy from her work who she seems to talk to all of the time. or.used to. doesn't really seem like she's doing it much anymore but i know it's still happening. if you see my other posts (idk if you can innit very good at this) but you'll see questions about that and what have you. i've always disliked him. they would always talk, like we would be out for a meal and they'd have an on going conversation or whatever and that hurt me.but it was ok because he's "just a friend". fuck off is that ok. it got do bad to the point where she overtook me on snapchat "best friends list" which basically gives you an emoji when you reach the top of their best friends list. that in itself doesn't bother me it's the fact that to reach the top of their best friends list you would have to talk to that person, more than somebody else. that somebody else being me. it was basically proof to me that she chatted to a "friend from work" more than her actual boyfriend. thing is though. i know she wouldn't cheat. she is very loyal and i dont want answers telling me that she's cheating because frankly i know she's not i just feel enraged, angry, disrespected and lost. what i found: so in a chat with her and him i found a conversation. i'm gonna call him john just to make this easier. also i am reading from what pictures i took of her phone so don't have full conversations, only what upset me. her: "i mean you've got a bit of muscle now" john: "a bit " her: "haha i've got a boyfriend fammm. that's all you're getting" end of conversation. this is a screenshot of a sticker of her saying: "wowwww x welll you're an 8. would go higher but got -- then it cuts of there. i'm assuming it says "would go higher but got a boyfriend". him: "thought you had a bf" her: yhhh i have. hes a 10/10 better yet a 100. end of convo. which has made me very angry because she's always told me she doesn't find him attractive and he's kinda ugly. also, i found another piece but don't have a picture so can't write word for word but it was her asking for a rate which is unusual because why would it matter what he thinks about her? found a screenshot of a picture she had sent him and the picture wasn't bad or anything just what she had said. "naa <name> is pretty big and fit". literally a week ago we walked past him together and she said he looks like a rat to me so i'm very confused about that one. new convo. i'm hurt by this particular one aswell because it just seems nasty what she said about me. him: just give him some time he will come running back. her: i dont want him to. (she's never said anything like that to me and i feel that's horrible.) him: why? her: because i'm fed up ofthe same old bullshit him: wait you breaking up with him? her: i've tried that before (she has never ever ever tried to break up with me so that's a lie.) her: i've tried ending things before but he doesn't let me. her: sometimes i feel i deserve better and part of me wants to at certain times but i dont know endof conversation. there was another convo but frankly i cba to write a full transcript again but it was him saying her ass looks in leggings and then the next sentence is her talking about something else and saying i'm low-key ignoring you saying my ass looks good but thanks. sorry for making this so long i have nobody i can rant to and i'm just lost. i wanna bring it up but i know if i day ww3 will happen. she will make if all about herself and get mad at me for going on her phone. just a little note but i did.nothing else in her phone apart from look at their chat. please help. literally at 2 am last night i slowly got out of bed and cried on the toilet. tl:dr i dont know if i should talk to her or keep it locked away cause j know if i mention that i've been snooping she'll lose her shit.	11
i'm tired but still managing to stay happy this week was draining as hell. even though i only worked 4 days it still felt like 20 hour shifts. i start school in 10 days which i'm both happy and sad about. happy that i'll see people besides the ones i see at work and home. sad that 7 hours of my day is devoted to bs. i'm just feeling drained right now. but anyways, enough of feeling sad for myself, what's someone you want to tell someone or talk about? i'm here to read anything. also, i hope anyone reading this has an amazing day/week/month. don't forget to spread more love y'all, people need it	3
does anyone recognize my user? or am i an enigma	5
i made it to hot on r/startrekmemes i'm hot shit on the interwebs with all those sweet sweet internet points that don't do anything useful for my life. ah the life	0
how do i [16m] hint, over text, that i intend to ask my crush [16f] to prom? i go to an all boys school and met my crush (she goes to public school) at camp. i asked her to hang out after camp was over but she said she couldn't (even though she said she said "we should hangout sometime" 3 weeks before. so, my worry is that if i ask her to hangout again she will say no. so, my plan is to hint that i will ask her to prom. this way when i ask her "hey, wanna hangout? i gotta ask you something " she will say yes. right now i'm thinking i will hint by saying "prom is in may for us. i wish i could go w u"	19
people bragging about fucking blocks of cheese when i cant even fuck a lemon without it hurting me	4
ive been browsing new for so long i think its time for me to go	4
til that coffee cake doesnt actually taste like coffee. i gotta be honest, this threw me for a loop today. i've lived my whole life thinking coffee cake tastes like coffee. no one has ever corrected me when i say "no thank you, i dont enjoy the taste of coffee". except today! my husband was having one and offered some to me, so i gave the usual "no thank you blahblah" and he just had the blank-est stare on his face. after probably 20 seconds of hard eye contact, he goes "you do know...they dont taste like coffee...?" uh..no!!! no one ever told me!! i feel so dumb lol but also like all those times no one told me! wow. imagine that, still learning new things every day. what did you learn today?	1
there's this guy at the gym that remind me of my mom alright so about half ish? a year ago i started going to the gym. for about 4 months i have seen this guy. at first i used to see him occasionally. like one time here then 2 days later i'd see him again etc stuff like that. but for about 4 months now i've seen him every day. i've switched up the times i go to t the gym and i still see him.. he always looks at me like he disapproves. he has this poker face most of the time that literally looks like this emoji when he doesn't have that face he's usually frowning. sometimes he waits for me to finish using something and i always clean the stuff i was using but then like he sees that i just cleaned but he goes and cleans it again before using it -_- like wut.. what's the point? like i said, he looks at me with so much disapproval. and i've tried figuring it out why lmao but nothing works. like do you think i'm too weak? can't be bc i lift more than him. like i shower every day, i'm not too bad looking (i've heard asian parents are pretty big on those types of things which is why i'm mentioning them...) but yeah.. can't figure out why lmao which is why he reminds me of my mom :) he's mid 40s i think	7
what should i do about a conflicted ex? long post so, this whole thing has been weighing pretty heavy on me recently and its been a big part of my life for a few years. its this girl of course. i'm 19 (m), she is 20. we started having a relationship almost two years ago at this point and it started out wonderful, she turned out to be my first real girlfriend and we both fell head over heals hard. we both have a lot of issues to ourselves, but im the type of guy who likes to work through problems and try and come out the other side better. she is a free spirit who does't know what she wants in life, but she's got a ton of energy and loves to do. or relationship started to get a bit rockey and she ended up breaking up with me. fast forward a month or so and she wants to get back together because she realized she made a mistake and we ended up getting back together. after that, she broke up with me a few more times claiming she needed to fix herself before she could come back to our relationship. what happened was that our relationship became toxic for a few different reasons, and she wanted to get out of it. and so did it. i consider myself an empath (someone who feels emotion more, has a heavier effect on me. aka someone is in a bad mood i can end up actually absorbing that energy and be in a bad mood myself) so many of the times she would be unhappy, our poor communication would lead to me picking up on her negative energy and mainly the poor communication would intensify the problem. i'm not blaming her for the negative energy, i didn't help the situation most of the time, but i always wanted to work through it and love her. we've been broken up since about june this past year after breaking up and getting back together almost every month since the first time we broke up. and i guess i broke the cycle this last time. she came to me over the summer after breaking up with me. (she felt like she wasnt able to be the best her for the relationship. and this one upset me because i told her i was scared to get back with her again because i thought she might randomly breakup again. and then she did...) so over the summer, she goes to a music festival and tries to get ahold of me to fix things, and my frustration and anger took control and i basically told her off for breaking my heart. then she gets into a relationship with a guy she met there, then fast forward to september. i don't know what got into me, but feeling of being betrayed for months and heartbroken changed and i decided to get ahold of her to see how she was and to apologize for all of my negativity. which is one of my flaws i've been working on for my whole life and im still working on. i think she is a part of that process. i almost think that if i can make things right with her, that i can solve my other frustrations, if that makes any sense. so i apologize and she starts telling me how her relationship hasnt been going amazingly and that she has been waiting for me to get back to her, and that she basically misses me. of course this is good news to me because i want to be with her and love her, and shes showing that to me as well. so we jokingly set up a date she is gong to come visit me, which happened to be the next day, and she comes through. we went on a date had some great laughs and whatnot, and then she comes back to my dorm where you can guess what happened. i thought i was in heaven lol. she still hasn't found anyone that she likes better in bed. same for me, which is sorta important. and then she leaves the next day and says "ill get back to you on if we are going to be a thing" after that, she went back to her boyfriend and decided to stay even though she said they werent matching well. so, i get super emotional because that really fucking sucked (no anger, working on it lol) and she basically stopped texting me as her answer of who she picked. should be over it right? get over her, get a new gf, move on, ect... and that's what i did. i found a girl who i found interesting and that went well for a few months. that girl and i ran into our own problems different to this other girl and i's, but i ended up breaking things off with her. but before we broke up (she cheated) i texted girl #1 out of curiosity. there's just something about this girl and i don't get it. there's no logical reason i can justify our relationship because of what happened between us. the goods were unreal, and the bad was really shitty for both of us, but here i am still feeling for her. but anyways, i started texting her again to kinda find out if she made the right decision, and after a few days of taking on and off, she told me that she's super depressed with this guy and is getting frustrated with him. "i'm holding on to the little faith i have left" and "he doesnt get my jokes and it chips at my faith" are some quotes from her. so, the new girl and i break up and i continue to talk to the first girl as christmas time starts rolling around. after christmas, we've talked to each other every single day. sometimes the convo turns into talking about sex because we both miss it with each other, other times its talking about dreams that the other person is in, sometimes its her complaining about her bf. after we started talking about sex more and more, i finally asked her what we are doing. she says she doesn't know and that it makes her happy to talk to me and that her bf knows and hes okay with it only because it makes her happy. so i ask, "should we really be talking?" shes admitted that i learned her as a lover and not a friend, so i feel that its wrong for her to have a bf and still talk to me. wrong because the dude is sorta being cheated on, and also wrong because i also want to be with her but im not able to. her response was "i need to think about this" and the next day we continued to talk like normal. fast forward a week or two and were still having convos about hot dreams and sex in general, and its like i fall in love more each day even though maybe i shouldn't. and she still hasnt given me an answer, but this whole thing has been on my mind 24 7 for weeks and its driving me up a wall. last night i told her we need to talk about it (even through text cause its hard to get ahold of her.) so i started telling her everything on my mind about wanting to be with her, and asking her why she's taking to both of us and i said this, " i know you don't know what you want to do, but at somepoint you have to make a decision because it effects me too. sometimes you gotta make hard choices, and you can't avoid making one here no matter which way you go. you know why i'm messaging you and what decision i've made at this point. i need your response" to which she replied "i need some time to think about this" tldr- fall in love with a one of a kind chick, toxic relationship and on and off dating for 6 or so months after first breakup. she gets a new mans who she chooses over me, and then tells me it might be a mistake but she still hasnt decided and flirts with me even though shes still in a relationship. should i be doing this? is it worth it? am i in the wrong? what should i do? im going insane and i need your guys' help	2
it's not gay unless you enjoy it. right son? . . .	5
i hope you're all happy today because when somebody else isn't happy, i get sad y'all better be happy or else i'll show all my love and affection	16
anyone have experience adding a third to their committed relationship? my girlfriend (36) and i (38) have been seeing this woman (35) since the beginning of january. she is great, the three of us get along wonderfully and the sex is absolutely amazing... recently our friend seems to need more and more reassurance that my gf and i aren't going to end things and move on. that's the last thing my gf and i want to do... within the last week, my gf and i have discussed asking our friend to date us. i don't know how this will work but my gf and i are both on board. i think my gf is nervous we'll be rejected but i'm fairly certain our friend will be totally into it. i think it'll give her some reassurance that we're both into this and want it to continue. inevitably our friend will find someone she wants to date and this arrangement will come to an end. i guess my question is mainly from men who have navigated similar situations.... can anyone give me a heads up on pitfalls or issues they've faced in adding a girlfriend to your existing relationship? my girlfriend and i have a great relationship, we communicate well and we both really really enjoy seeing our friend. there's zero jealousy and we all respect boundaries implicitly. i'm not concerned that my girlfriend will begin feeling jealous or anything like that, i'm more concerned about how to approach our friend and ask her to date us...	10
i'm washing my parents' car for a cool $50 it's going towards a new laptop	0
your favourite dragon fucker back at it again after 1 day ban just wanted to say that i'm back. that's all. expect nothing more that shitposts. also big tiddy dragons pls dm me	5
experience with long flights . . . i am considering going to australia for my honeymoon. my fiance and i would likely be flying 22 hours to get there out of jfk or laguardia (ny metro area). we would make it worthwhile and stay for between 2-3 weeks. with that being said - the flight is nearly an entire day, and two days round trip. this is a bucket list achievement for us both. our hearts are pretty much set on australia. does anyone have any experience in ridiculously long flights? does anyone have a recommendation for a layover? help!	8
i need some help, and a place to vent hello guys and girls! first of all, i am thankful for every one of you that spends a minute of their time to read my post. second, i don't know how long this post will be, but i will try my best to make it as short as possible and in the same time put all my feelings in it. me (19m) and my girlfriend (18f) started our relationship at a long distance. we would text at every convenient time of the day and talk on the phone for 3-4 hours each night before we go to bed for a period of seven months. during the first 7 months we haven't seen eachother (except video chat) all i knew about her before we started our relationship is that about a year ago she texted me every day and tried to get in a relationship with me, but i was in a very dark part of my life and most of the times i didn't respond. everything was going great, we used the months that we were apart to get to my eachother better, so when we meet, we have a solid foundation for our relationship. she told me a lot about her past, the guys she dated and the one time she had sex with her friend with benefits. so did i. i told her everything about my past. my girlfriends before her, the one time i had sex before her, my porn and substance addiction (which was hard for me, because nobody knew it) i was basically crying and sharing my dark past with her. fast forward 7 months, and the time that we see eachother arrives. everything is more that great, we are extremely happy and i really think she is the love of my life and hopefully my future wife. three weeks go by. we are drinking wine and talking, and she randomly grabs my phone and starts going through my messenger texts. i have nothing to hide from her, so i just let her do her thing. she goes through all the texts i had up to the point we started our relationship and gives me back my phone. i asked her if i can do the same and after a bit of thinking she gave me her phone i was looking through it and was astonished by the amount of guys that texted her and she left them on seen. i got to about 4 months in the past and she grabbed her phone saying that i saw as much as she did and didn't want to ge it back. so i just accepted it. the next day i jokingly told her "ok you deleted some of the messages, that's ok, but can i at least get to the point that our relationship started". she taught about it, i told her that it isn't fair and she let me see the other texts. (as you can see i am extremely jealous). i start going through her phone and i stumble on a discussion from about a month after we told eachother that we are in love, i start reading it and after the first flirty text that i saw and red outloud she just looked at me and said nothing. i continue reading and saw that she was sending him sexual memes and flirting with him, and it wasn't him that started all the flirting and began the sexual texts. it was her! she told him about her friend with benefits. he asked her to go for netflix and chill, and she just giggled. for a brief moment they were talking about her but and she told him that it can make him cum real quick. i was furious, i didn't want to see her. i felt betrayed and unwanted. i told her go leave me alone but she kept following me and trying to explain to me that they were just "joking". there was no way i would believe that. then i got drunk while she was explaining to me that all that was a part of the past and has no meaning. about her fwb i didn't know that they were fwb up until two months in our relationship when he texted her to go out. then she told me about him and said i will see him and tell him that everything is over. i let her do it. she told me that they were in his car, that she told him she had a boyfriend and for some reason she told me that he was extremely horny. i didn't say much about it after all their "relationship" is over. about two weeks after we saw each other, we were out at a restaurant and he texted her. she looked at me guilty and just deleted the chat. (that's the case with all the boys that she had something with) when i ask her, why is she deleting them, the answer is that it's a part of her past that she wants to forget and she does it by deleting it. fast forward to her 18th birthday (7 days ago) i asked her if i could believe her and if she had anything to hide from me. she said no, so i gave her my phone and asked for her's. she didn't want me to look through it so she told me that it's toxic and just not right. that she felt pressured, but i told her to let me have a look if she has nothing to hide. i start looking in snapchat. when i open certain discussions, she starts shaking uncontrollably and can't explain why. i saw 3 other guys that she flirted with during the time we were "together" and one of the discussions was just two months old. she almost cried, telling me that it's nothing and that they were only joking, i also found out that she was lying to me about some sexy photos of her (bikini photos), that she told me that i was the only one who had seen them, and i saw that she sent then to two other guys. all the texts happened while i was away and while she was swearing that she loved me. now she is trying to tell me that i'm making a problem, from something that's in the past and has no significant meaning. that i am f*****g everything up by "digging" trough her past. but all i want is for her to tell me the f*****g truth. to share me her past, the exact same way i did. after that i feel like she is lying constantly. like she doesn't care for me, and that if she did it in the past, she will do it again. tldr am i going wrong by wanting my girlfriend to share her past with me, the way i did? please help me! do i just let it be? am i ruining our relationship by wanting her to do the same thing that i did? (to share me her past, no matter how dark it is) please! thank you!	14
i rick-rolled one of my high school teachers long story short, i (19f) graduated high school last summer and started college last fall. my high school teachers were honestly just a bunch of unreasonable people who never gave a damn about our wellbeing so i decided to bother them. i made a fake email account pretending to be an annoying freshman wanting to impress the teachers with a youtube video she made about her learning experiences. i sent the link to several of my teachers through their work emails and one of them actually fell for it and replied back saying "there seems to be something off with the link you sent me. perhaps try sending it again? preferably with your full name and id details. thanks ."	6
i leased a truck that's not all that's hapoened... basically i wasnt going anywhere or doing anything with my life, just kind of working and existing, but everything has done a 180. i have a great job painting houses, i can afford all my bills with 1k extra a month, and of course my new truck. life feels good finally...learning the painting trade so i can start my own business one day. yea..i just wanted to tell someone.	6
i think i jinxed myself by telling myself i can handle anything life throws at me. lol just like the title says my whole month has been pure shit. school financial aid didn't pay for anything so i threw it i my credit card so i could attend this semester (still paying it off and that isn't even all of it!) some stupid shit with my family like always lol this freaking girl driving me crazy lol stupid shit at work ya know. just some of the main problems right there of course there's smaller ones. a couple months ago i was thinking to myself and literally out loud said i can handle anything life throws at me. lol. i was so confident since i had made it this far. then january comes and fucked me over. so today i went snowboarding with some friends and well i guess it wasn't that fun since i think i'm in more physical pain than emotional. but it distracted me enough to get my mind off of things. not to mention i met this cute girl there who was obviously interested in me. so life is good then i drove home and my car broke down on the interstate at midnight in cold ass weather. ya know. either way i think i'm still handling it	1
i'm so cold anyone want to go commit arson with me to warm up?	6
my sister's excitement about roasted chicken makes me happy she and i are really similar and share a common love for a lot of things (we both love playing with gnomes, and playing pretend, love humor and making jokes, and are almost always upbeat) and i watched her as i pulled the chicken tray out of the oven and her face was almost the same as mine and it made me so happy the look on her face was priceless! i have a feeling it's going to be a good year!	1
my elementary school best friend wished me a happy birthday i mean even though we barely talk anymore, the fact that they still remembered it after 10 years is just	13
my crush said yes to signing the restraining order	2
so like my parents' door is locked and i don't hear anything but one of them saying "go harder" and moaning this is fine fillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfiller	12
for some reason i remembered one of the many spider-man cartoons i remember that this one ended with spider-man going to different universes or timelines and he gathers a lot of different spidermans that had slightly different abilities i remember one was a cyborg that could shoot lasers, another one used web balls, one didn't have powers, one had spider legs that came out of his back and he also turned into a giant spider that's all i remember from it into the spider verse was nothing new	16
what's your favorite taylor swift lyric? (c'mon you know you listened to her in middle school ) as much as i dislike taylor swift as a person and i acknowledge her music isn't anything special or spectacular, i've always really enjoyed her stuff. i side-eyed her when she took all her music off of spotify, but now that it's back on, i'm just just laughing as i reminisce with her discography. so let me ask you: what's your favorite tay swift song or lyric? which one do you feel really spoke to you?	1
favorite quality.. what's your favorite non-physical quality that you're attracted to in a partner? or if you wanna, go ahead and list your favorite physical quality	1
hey! i need a good diversion. hi!im niki and im 27f. im preparing for my technical inteviews next week and making demo and presentation. i've been studying for hours today and i feel like i still have lots to review. im trying to relax but everytime i try to just be in my bed and do nothing, i end up overthinking and making up scenarios for next week events. this is like a torture. i need some sort of diversion. help?	1
would use say these names are for girls or boys? so, the other day i made this thread: <url> and my wife thought it was very funny! her name was on the list so she liked seeing all the different pronunciations of her name. (especially all the wrong ones lol) she's sick today, so i'm hoping another thread will cheer her up so for these names, which ones would you say are boy names? or girl names? -tlaltsin -xochitl -tenoch -yaotsin -citlali -quauhtli -meztli i will admit, i didn't get them all right the first time	1
i am once again sad about shiki ryougi. when is this fictional anime boy going to stop making me feel things?	2
overwhelmed with life i am completely overwhelmed with my life right now.. ive been indicted on 4 different felonies all pertaining to the welfare department which trust me when i say if i didn't need them i would even bother with them but i needed their help for my son with autism and now my entire life is a shit show.. if it wasn't for my son i would eat a bullet and call it a day man..	4
i love my boyfriend so much nothing more to add just love him so much. he's truly the bestest friend a girl can ask for and he has so many amazing qualities; he's compassionate, so intelligent, laugh-until-you-pee funny and inspires me everyday to be a better person, for myself. we're currently in a long distance relationship but i'm going back home in a month and i'm so excited!	9
what's the weirdest insult you've ever gotten? someone told me i look like the type of person to fart in a toilet and wipe. how was i supposed to react? i was like like	7
heyy any kind-hearted volunteer who's good at math? i have a little question i mean not homework or anything just a quick question... please...? so yea please dm me if you can help a bit i'd be so thankful and then we can chat and be friends hahahaha	13
i (22m) dont know what to do with my new gf (21f)? recently i got into a relationship with my co-worker ,about 1 month ago. she came to our department about 4 or 5 month ago and she used to work with us in a same room,we used to talk normal on daily basis at the start,i mean there was no emotion included. after 1 or 2 month from the start ,one of my male co workers - who was her friend and introduced her to our department for work - came to me and told me that she is intersted in you ,so go and follow her on instagram if you like her too, he kindda wanted to force me to do that but i refused ,but two days later i followed her. we started to meet casually about one month, once a week for e.g ,but i didnt feel so much sexual attraction and desire for her at that time,but i ignored that,so after one month we went for hollidays and started to chat more intense,after 1 week of intesive chatting she finally told me : we both know we like each other so if you want to think about the future and having a relationship ,lets be with each other,i answered :yes, but i just want to know you more and it doesnt guarrantee that we will get married (because her final target is getting married with me and i knew that at the very first point).so we started to know each other through texting in hollidays and after 2weeks we got back to the same city and went to department for starting work again. we hangout at that day and she kissed my chick and i gave her our first kiss but it didnt feel that much,totally normal, so by the way days passed and we hangout on most days in week. she was so hotter and more into me,that it made her to be starter of kissing and making love with each other ,but i never feeled that much with her. so after 2 weeks of dating she started to talk about marriage and something like that - not in a direct way - by joking about it, but i knew what she meant. she started to tell me if you leave me i dont know what will happen to me and something like that,calling me 3 times a day ,sending me love messages and ... after third week we fell apart because i was too busy ,and she started to call me and nagging me about why we cant go out,i missed you and ... but suddenly i came to myself and found out that i dont think about this girl through the day,i dont have much desire to call her,i dont know if i really want her, i dont feel honeymoon phase ,and i dont know if im really in love with her. since she is too sensitve and madly in love by three weeks ,i ve got scared a little bit and told her today i want to have time and think about our relationship, so now ,i want to know should i continue and discover her more and i would finally fall in love or should i break up since she is too sensitive and her main reason for relationship is getting married! (she is marriage type) i really dont want to hurt her but from other side i dont know if she is the one and i dont know if i want to get married with her,she fell too early in love,but i think if i break up with her i would never find a girl who will love me back like her,but i hate some of her behaviours too, i never missed her in 2 weeks that we were apart ,sometimes i think im gay because i lost my affection and emotion for this girl too early,i dont even have desire to have sex with her!!. tl;dr: im in one month relationship with my co worker but i dont know if im really in love,i dont feel attraction enough and since she wants to get married and wants to secure relationship for that,i dont know should i break it off or stay and continue?but from other hand i get afraid of not finding a girl that loves me back like that in future!	1
any hot guys looking for some good time im into older guys btw, i am 15f. my phone number is bit strange but you can contact me through 1-800-call-fbi(225-5324)	17
my ex wants to meet for lunch to "catch up", what should i do? and any tips for when we meet? long story short, we broke up like 6 months ago. it wasn't a bad breakup, left it on good terms. he wanted to remain friends, i wasn't to hot on that idea. i hadn't heard from him since new year's eve, until about three weeks ago he texted me saying he had hoped i had been doing well. i took my time to respond (mirrored his message and didn't leave room for talk), but hadn't really heard from him since then. i decided to text him, because i knew he wouldn't just pop up out the blue (not really that kind of guy). we've been texting all weekend and it's been fun and light. sooooo he pushed early on about wanting to go to lunch to catch up (literally like 4 texts into this), it kind of threw me off guard. i've never really been in this position before, and don't really know what to expect. obviously i'm hoping for the best, but will survive if it doesn't go the way i want it. soooo some advice for this meetup next weekend would be great! tl,dr; my ex wants to meet for lunch to "catch up", what should i do? and any tips for when we meet?	1
i (20f) & this guy (21f) are talking. don't know if this is healthy. this guy (21), and i (20f) met through tinder. we haven't met up yet and i'm kinda worried. he doesn't like fat girls and i'm kinda chubby tbh. the first phone call we had i was shy and didn't know what to say so i let him talk so literally that's one of the first things he said was that his friends bully fat girls and he would tell them to chill out bc it's mean but that he doesn't like fat girls himself. he also said he's the least judgmental person ever (a ha ha). my parents are strict and he lives an hour away..idk if we even have a connection bc over the phone i feel like i'm not comfortable talking to him and it's kinda not as exciting as i would hope but idk if i'm crazy but he kinda drives me crazy with his poor communication and idk if it's worth pursuing. i've mentioned a lot of bad things but he's also a good person. he lives with his older brother's family (wife & kids). whenever i call him he usually picks up regardless of who he's around. he's told his niece & nephew that i'm his girlfriend and he'll talk on the phone with me and say cute things with me with his friends or family members whenever i call bc he can't call me first bc he doesn't know if i'll be around my parents or not. but recently idk i've been cranky and i feel like i'm pushing him away maybe bc i'm scared of meeting up with him or that he actually drives me crazy bc he's always busy and doing something and i always feel like i'm available for him whenever he needs me to be. i feel like he was more excited to talk to me before and now he's losing that excitement after numerous phone calls that have kinda been dry but still cute i guess. i'm probably overthinking but i've definitely been acting crazy and idk if i'm in the right headspace to continue this. tl;dr: i (20f) don't know if i should continue talking to this guy(20m)	13
just got rejected it's all good tho	0
i am using someone for what i want and i feel guilty i am in love with this one girl and we hooked up. but she don't love me and even if she ever like me as a person is in doubt. frankly, she used me.don't get me wrong, im all for it. recently,she was having mental swings about us and i ask her that 'is it yes or no?'. ofcourse, she said no . it doesnt matter how much experience or how tough you are mentally, its still hurt like hell. out of frustrations and overall bad mood, i'd contact another girl who clearly have crush on me for since forever. we hung out.went to park, cinema and currectly on 3rd base and recieving personal pics. i noticed that some of my behaviors toward this girl are nearly the same as how my girl acted toward me. i could never love this girl or even advance the relationship to dating. im just using her just like my ex did and i feels so guilty.	1
is it just me or girls w huge glasses look cute af they really do	13
i'm bi bi myself . filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	0
i asked out my crush today! she said no but im still happy i asked i am really awkward when it comes to socialising so even saying to her feels like a huge step for me	8
ok so i'm assuming some of y'all know what kiss anime is but the website got taken down and i'm wondering if anyone knows an alternative? i watched dragon ball on it and other animes but since it's down i don't have any other way and i don't have a vaste amount of money i can afford to blow on a subscription for it, if anyone knows another way to watch me and the girl i'm talking to would highly appreciate it. 🏻	18
am i the only person here who jerks off with steel wool??? like seriously what's wrong with you people	7
if i could escape and recreate a place that's my own world and i could be your favourite girl forever	2
anyone else afraid of sorting by new until you've seen endgame? which i realize is ironic if you're seeing this post right now. just means y'all are braver than i am but seriously, be careful on the internet until you see the movie! y'all have your tickets yet? when are you gonna see endgame?	9
i hate being deadnamed so much! nobody will accept that i go by adolf hitler and use qui/quem pronouns	11
i and my girlfriend played minecraft together and it was so amazing we went to the nether for the first time in this world together, and i protected her, and saved her from two endermen, a piglin and a ghast. we actually died together when those little magma cubes killed us, but i then took my revenge, and managed to take both of our stuff home safely. after that, i wanted to build a fountain. i started with the base, but then i had to go. i had so much fun with her, she is the most incredible person ever	13
my music keeps pausing and unpausing as if i pressed the button on my earbuds but i didn't some paranormal shit happening rn bruh	5
top things men should do so they shut up 1. kiss me	17
i miss donald trump. you know he gets a lot of hate but at least he gave us 2 stimulus checks (compared to 0 now) and was tough on china.	2
just asked a girl for her number for the first time in my life! and it worked had to run after her because i couldn't mister the courage to ask her while she was in the coffee shop in front of me, but doesn't matter, it worked!! and i can't believe it because i'm 28 and never could do it.	8
i got put on the worst instagram wall what even is this. i just got a message from a kid in theater saying someone put all my pics on a wall and i was ranked 35. who even has the time to judge how other people who a website, lol i'm tempted to open just to see how ridiculous it is but also feel tempted to delete the messages in case i'm somehow bombarded with people who don't like me for some reason i didn't think my page sucked that bad lol	2
i designed visuals for roll ups for a client and they ordered posters with the same visuals aswell but... i designed visuals for roll ups for a client and they ordered posters with the same visuals aswell but i have been asking what size the posters should be for 3 times with email and she always awnsered some other details except the size i can't do them before i get the size info. hows y'all mondays going?	1
just graduated highschool my dudes you guys certainly made it easier. just wanna say i love you guys even though i might be pretty drunk lmao. good night everyone!!	0
after great first date she (f21) doesn't write me (m25) back that much i know that it is quite stupid that i'm thinking that much about this, but we both met online and had an awesome first date. we found out that we are sharing many interests with each other. we even talked about future events where we could go together. it was a week ago and i tried to start a little bit of conversation via text, because of our shitty working times, we can't see each other in the near future. so now i'm thinking that she isn't interested in me at all because of her answers, which are always super short, and i know that she is writing with other people a lot more... so guys, am i just stupid and should stop worrying, or should i put my power in other things... i hate me so much for that tl;dr i'm overthinking my whole situation with a girl after our 1. date	9
that feeling when all your online friends are asleep and you have nothing to do timezones really gotta do me like this smh	2
i cooked a pizza for dinner and it tastes great! granted, it's a frozen pizza, but life is about enjoying the little things. also this is my first post in this sub so i got that going for me, which is nice. i hope everyone had a good day	8
you are the best human being ever april fools	0
i installed fortnite then uninstalled cuz it sucks now i'm gonna go play minecraft, cya nerds	0
slugsoul adopted me	0
there's pros about having your mom working at monkey joe's she can keep the whole place for us at night... since they don't allow 12 and up to jump when there actually open. this is a weird flex	0
working out. hey there :) a little back story on me, i'm a 15 year old girl with depression and anxiety issues and i'm doing my best to cure my daily struggle with anything but perception medicine because my entire family says that we don't react well to any of the medicine provided by a pharmacy. my sister's anxiety got tremendously worse, my mother fell into a deep depression and my father says he felt like a robot that lacked feeling. so i've started looking into working out. i think it would be perfect for me but my anxiety says people will judge me because i'm already a very tiny person and idk, maybe they think i'm to young to worry about working out?? anyways. i'm going to try it once and if it makes me anxiety worse i'll stop but if it doesn't it might help me a lot. but i don't know what to start out with. i don't even know the first thing about working out does anybody know what would work best for me in the gym?	1
my girlfriend's dogs get jealous when she hugs me in front of them and i swear, its the cutest thing ive ever seen in my life	13
did anyone have this thing in their class when they were really young? if you didn't then i'm sorry but you missed out <url>	2
what are you getting your significant other for valentines day? absolutely no clue what to get my boyfriend for valentines day. we've been together for 11 months and i went over the top for christmas and his birthday (which was in january). just want to hear what you are all buying!	8
my friend (14) is dating a 19 year old my friend is 14 and i've known her online since i was 14 myself. i'm currently 16 and i care about her. she's like a little sister to me. recently, i don't know what to do. she's dating this 19 year old guy she met on a game and they're in an online relationship. i think it's disgusting because he's 19 and she barely graduated middle school. she's a little kid. so i told her mom, about her boyfriend. i was hoping she'd take the right actions but i was... kinda disappointed. and she responded "they are only friends, she told me. i think you misunderstood. she's very well behaved at home". i know this is a lie because they've been video-chatting, stating that they're in a relationship. i know 100% they are dating. my friend messaged me: "why are you texting my mom?" and i don't know what to do. i'm afraid she's pissed and i know she is, but this situation is so messed up. do i correct her mom and sacrifice my friendship? *edit: to those saying my friendship is weird, i'm a 2004 kid and we became instagram mutuals when i was 13-14. she was 11 and i didn't know that but we followed each other and we both liked kpop so it didn't bother me. i don't talk to her like i do with people my age because i have my own friend group we only play league on discord together sometimes.	18
since this sub has pretty random content, anyone in here play rocket league? just add me on epic. chll0eeea's the id	12
you guys ever find yourself wishing that you became closer with someone when you had the chance .-. and now you're missing that person you're not even good friends with ._. but you're too introverted to try and reach out to the person to build a friendship	2
saw my ex's post of her with a new guy and it's terrible i seriously thought i was over her, we broke up 4 months ago.we texted every now and then, i was gonna text her today but i saw her snap chat story which was a picture of her next to some guy with the caption had a great night with this guy . i lost it, i'm having all of these thoughts of her and him together over just this one picture. i've been trying to keep myself busy but it's really fucking hard.this is the most horrible feeling ever, she was my first girlfriend so it's been kinda hard to move on.	8
good ideas for a micro-teach? hi guys, i am taking part in a final exam next week and part of it consists of demonstrating a teachable practice! it can be anything from folding a paper plane or anything really 'how to based'.. it has to be done in under 7 mins.. i am currently over thinking it like crazy and would appreciate any suggestions for simple, teachable, fun 'how to guides' tl:dr. ideas for fun, simple ideas for a micro teach. thanks guys.	6
for every award i'll pull a glonk: do absolutely nothing and die	0
basically i'm a cool guy	0
how should i [21f] tell my parents i have a boyfriend [27m]? so i have been with my boyfriend for 8 months and we known of each other for about a year or so [we worked in the same place] and i do love him and want a future with him. i'm turning 22 later this year in october and i have a very strict mom, but my dad is way more easygoing and i'm closer to him. we're from the caribbean, so parents are always asking their daughters to focus on school and their lives before worrying about relationships and boys. i've never given my parents any reason not to trust me. i'm doing well in school and i know how i want my future to go. i'm nervous that if i tell them, then they'll focus more on the sexual part instead of the emotional connection and how happy he makes me. i know some people will say that i'm an adult, which i am, but i do live with my parents [rent free] since i am in college, working, and am planning my life. i have always felt like since i live under their roof, then i should follow their rules, but idk maybe someone can help me figure out how to go about this. (please no rude comments, thank you ) tldr: how should i [21f] tell my parents about my boyfriend [27m]?	6
goodnight i love you guys! i love everyone one on this sub you guys are hecking cool!	0
i'd just like to give a shout-out to my mom for making enough of a recovery from her hip replacement surgery that she was able to drive me to work tonight! i just like seeing her be in the happiest and healthiest condition she can.	6
yall have disappointed me & hurt my ego not 1 person dmed me i might just have 2 log off and actually do my work.....	2
so it's my birthday and i just found out i share the same birthday as tobey maguire it's pizza time	0
i am 13 and just got a blast of reality and it's relieving in a way i was in the car not five minutes ago on a way to a party and my dad starts talking to me and my brother who is a little older than i am. he says that our mother is very stressed about christmas this year, this is the first time my dad has talked to me about a financial related situation in depth. it kinda gave me a blast of reality, like: "dang, i'm in the real world now." i just thought this was really interesting and wanted to share	19
water mark your nudes! water mark your nudes with the name of the person you're sending it to. so if they leak, you know who the culprit is	0
theres no way my time machine worked	0
lol i broke my oculus quest controller 2 hours after i bought it pro tip if you just recently bought vr don't play gorn as a starting game.	1
y'all think 420 and 69 are the funny numbers you forgot about 88	2
i've finally gotten around to developing a sense of style. up until now i've gone to schools with strict uniform policies. i never really did much outside of school except hanging out with friends and never developed my own sense of style. cue college. no uniform and i looked like a bum. sweatpants or track pants everyday, combined with an oversized hoodie or sweatshirt or just a t shirt. while this is still perfectly fine, but i feel like i looked like a mess every single day. it had a negative effect on my self esteem because "i had nothing cute to wear." over christmas break and the past few weeks i've been trying to curate some new clothes. jeans that fit me and stretch when i move and cute t-shirts have become a new staple. sometimes i pair with leggings instead, or add a cardigan, or wear combat boots! i've always had an on-off relationship with makeup but i'm in an "on" stage again. i think that helps me feel confident too and it's a fun art form that i enjoy. an everyday look i enjoy is a simple bb cream and mascara but i've gotten a lot better at doing my eyeliner and love doing that too. style goals: i want to get some fishnet tights and a new cardigan. the one i have is plain black, which is pretty, but i feel like i want a purple one too. i don't have a lot of people that would be interested in hearing all this, so i guess this seemed like the place! thanks for reading if you got this far	3
my gf (19f) tried to stab me (18m) hello reddit , i have just joined this subreddit because i really seek a solution for my problem . i've been dating my girlfriend for an year and 7 or 8 months who was actually my best friend for at least two years . when i fell in love with her i got a drug addiction because of the fact that she wouldn't want to be with me and live her own life . two months later we had sex for the first time and i felt amazing , like the old me . decreased the usage of antidepressants and weed and my healthy mind was finally back . the day we became together was really strange , i just called her really mad and crying because i understood that one week before we had sex for the first time she actually kissed her ex . she lied , she told me that's not true . i trusted her . two months in she went on a vacation with one of her bffs and there a lot of males spoke to her and texted her . she smoked weed with a random dude and she lied to me for everything . some motorbikers stopped and picked her and her bff and they with them to a disco . another two months in i have found old photos of her and her ex in her phone which i asked to be deleted . i got mad but i forgave . every time we went to a disco she got drunk and we got in a physical fight but i have never hit her . i have been waking up with wounds and every time the blame was on me that i wanted to go home and leave her because she was hitting me really badly . anyways , another few months in i have found out for another lies for which i had asked her a lot of times to tell me the truth . that one week when she kissed her ex she actually the other day had sex with him between some buildings . i found out that she had stolen some things from a mall and she only told me that the other people did it . i was sure that she did it too but she lied me in my eyes . one time she went to barcelona with her bff for one week and told me that there was a guy from our school but i asked her to not go out with him . she did and lied to me but this time she was also with her bff . the other night this boy asked her to a dinner and she didn't tell him that she actually has a boyfriend but that she is sick , actually she lied to me that he thinks that "i'm a really cool guy" but actually i have never met him so i won't be that mad :) ... there is a lot more lies involved in this story but short story long two weeks ago we had a party in my apartment and she got drunk and tried to stab me with a knife . i couldn't bare with it and called her parents to pick her up . i forgave her again but this thing changed my view for everything . we are always in fights and our relationship is really toxic every since the first lies . every time when i go out with my friends she is mad and talks to me like that i'm someone unknown who just slapped her ass on the street . i have to listen to her for everything but when i tell her something she gets mad . the other day i just said that she has to stop the car on the other side of the road and she got really mad and stopped opposite of what i have said . she gets really angry for every little thing and i'm always the guilty one . i love her but i don't feel as happy as in my first month of this relationship . there were times where i was happy but it was before i understood that she lied to me that she had sex with her ex like a week before we had sex . btw 2 months before we had sex for the first time she had been telling me that she is in love with me but i have to try harder . i don't know what to do ! sometimes i get the feeling that i want to live my life without her and sometimes i really miss her and i'm ready to give her another chance . i feel in a cage . p.s. she is the first girl i had sex with and i'm tired of listening to fake promises. tl;dr i have been fighting with my girlfriend over lies i have known the truth for but she preferred to lie to me . she doesn't want to listen to me and understand that she is not always right . she tried to stab me because she got drunk and every time we go to a disco i come back home bruised . thank you , guys ! i will really appreciate every answer	3
i had my first counselling session today and it was admittedly a kick in the teeth when asked "will you be free for an appointment on feb 14th" and my single arse had to say yes, but it was great to vocalise some issues and start to get things dealt with 🏾 that said, it's not looking like they're gonna be that frequent, so i ask you guys this: what's the latest hobby you got into? i've found that getting back into guitar has been really good for me to take my mind off things, what's your thing?	18
i don't know what to do (i'm british. i'm on holiday in spain) my mum & girlfriend recommended i do karaoke and asked my mum and her not to record it. explicitly. i stand up, start singing etc... and i see both of their phones directed to me in their hands, and guess what! literally 2m in, i had a fucking voice crack, the main reason i didn't want them to record. now i'm sitting on the verge of fucking tears in a toilet. i'm infuriated. i just feel so fucking dead inside right now, we're on holiday with parents and my girlfriend, we just finished secondary (high?) school - off to university in 3 months. i love my girlfriend and parents, but i genuinely don't think that my mum understands that i'm hugely anxious, and how i put so so much pressure on myself. (flex incoming) i know i can sing alright, but if i sing one off note? i will think of those 300 milliseconds for the next week straight. maybe my mum doesn't know that i'm that anxious even though i've tried my fucking best over the last few years to come out of my shell. i take pictures, i don't care, i know i look bad, fuck it i'll rock it. but my voice? i can sorta control that a tiny bit, and when it's out of my control and it breaks -- and it's on camera? i'll just not forget it. what do i do?	12
clapping with a cashier i took my mom grocery shopping recently and embarrassed myself pretty good. we were wandering around, chatting and browsing, and while we're walking past the row of checkout counters, a cashier steps out. she started clapping loudly and it snapped me to attention. i wasn't sure what was happening but i like exciting things and clapping for them so i joined in. "world's worst thief, everyone!!" the cashier shouted as a man walked past her to a security person waiting at the end of the aisle. then i noticed the backpack she had under her arm and my stomach kind of dropped out. i quit clapping and kept walking but people around me were chuckling at me and smiling (i'm very short and have ehlers-danlos so i look young and i think they mistook me for a kid, hence the endearing reaction). i smiled back but i embarrass easily and could feel my face burning. next time i will make sure to know what i am clapping for before i start tl;dr: accidentally applauded a thief with a store employee	2
someone plz chat with me some1 plz chat with me	5
ahem, ladies. if being sexy was a crime, i'd be a sheriff no mistake was made here	0
so i went to the dentist today. i literally never wash my teeth (yes ew i know) and when me and my sister got there she was talkin mad shit about what the the dentist was gonna say, so we go in there and she gets checked up, no problems, and when the dentist starts looking at mine, he looks straight at my sister that washes her teeth religiously "well they're not any dirtier than yours so you're both fine" and the whole drive home she didn't even look at me . pretty dumb story i know but i had to share it.	1
he's in your bed i'm in your twitch chat (dun dundun dundundundun dundun)	0
my ex gf (22f) recently unblocked me after 1 and half year being apart from me (22m), what does it mean? my ex gf and i were in the same university,we started to texting after fourth semster passed (we were not classmates ,since we were studing different fields.) she was the starter of the first text and we got familiar with each other.had brief conversion in the university (simple hello ,how are you ?, hows it going and ...). but she always told me what were happening through her family ,life and ... i mean i know about what was going on her life ,she trusted in me. so i was always thinking whats the righ time to purpose her for being my girlfriend and that was killing me,finally on the 7th semster i told her and she said yes without thinking , but after one week she broke up ,i got her back and we were on good relationship ,after one month she started to fall in love with me and so on... by the way after 5month passed , i fell apart from her about 2 weeks during the works should be done by me in different city and when i came back she was so cold towards me and after i asked her alot she finally told me i never loved you and broke up , i went for her after that but she blocked me from everywhere and told me to delete her number. i finished university 1 year ago but she is still studing ,about 1 week ago after one year i got back to university for some finishing things and suddenly i saw her but i ignored him, one day before i go to university i checked her messanger account and i was still blocked ( i always checked her ) but after the day she saw me ,i accidentaly check it again and saw shw unblocked me and the suprising thing was that she still had my phone number. she was depressed at that time when we were together and never told me the reason,i was her first boyfriend and she was my first too,i really loved her and she is kind of girl that doesnt care about different boys i mean she didnt break up with me because of other guy or this kindda stuff , you know what im saying?she was kind of powerfull girl,stone hearted and i was so special to her that she accepted. so now i just want to know have you ever been in this situation? what does her unblocking mean? tl;dr: my ex gf (22f) recently unblocked me after 1 and half year being apart from me (22m), what does it mean?	8
i did it boys i found diamonds on minecraft survival for 30 minutes since the world is created	0
so guys i really need your help. i feel really bad but i have to end it... my obsession with reddit...oh you thought my relationship. jokes on u no one would be in a relationship with me	0
arcadia wood is the best wood in minecraft, dont @ me. if you agree you're automatically sexier than everyone else here	0
don't think it's possible for me to have a healthy relationship tbh but i don't let that stop me from getting into them filler	19
any fortune tellers here? it doesn't matter what kind but i'm curious what my fortune iss	5
eating too much firecrackers well i'm a black guy going to college in mexico, sounds pretty fun right? well one night my boys and i were bored asf and we had some weed but we couldn't smoke it since we live in dorm ( we could get kicked out for smoking weed). so we decided to make some firecrackers. for those of you who don't know what firecrackers are, it's basically when you take some crackers and you put nutella inside it and you put the weed, and you heat it up then you're ready to get high. so since we in dorm we don't really have oven and shit like that, so we bought aluminum foil and we put the crackers in and we heat em up with our iron (best idea ever). after making like 10 of em, we decided to start eating them, we were 3 and we had like 10 firecrackers, after eating 2 each we decided to wait and see what would happen... we waited like 2 hours and nothing happened, so we decided to make some more and eat more.. we ended up eating 5 each, we still felt nothing... after like 1 hour i went to lay down, then that shit started hitting me, holy fuckin shit, those mf were strong asf, they hit me so hard that i couldn't even stand up and walk, and fuck i started throwing up everywhere ( idk why that happens to me but every time im too high, i start throwing up.. anybody else like that? or it's just me?) so i was throwing up on my bed, on the floor, so we usually have deans that come to check if everyone in dorm, and he hadn't been to our room yet and i was there unable to stop throwing up, and i knew he was gonna come! i started getting paranoid, i'm freaking out, i'm high asf and i'm throwing up.. i started hallucinating too, i think there was something else in the weed, i saw myself get caught, and kicked out of college.. man i was crying like a baby, my friends were there laughing their ass of, while i'm fuckin tripping balls... thank god nobody came to check up on us that night, cause i would've been fucked! tl;dr: fuck edibles, cause you can't control how that shit finna hit you. and don't do drugs kids only smoke weed	8
there is this rich white girl in my class who's depressed and everyone gets mad at her but depression isn't pickey choosey so it really bothers me	11
going to a comic convention saturday who should i get a photo and autograph from? okay so i'm going to wisconsin comic con on saturday, but i only have enough money to meet 1 person (poor gang ). i'm having trouble deciding who i should see. here's who i want to see: nichelle nichols- historic badass creed bratton- could post on r/dundermifflin for tons of upvotes david henrie- my crush from ages 8-11 charles marinet- gamer legend	0
the bitch laying next to me is hot i hope she doesn't p e e the bed again	11
can we get an f in the chat we can no longer upload images now big rip (yes i used an emoji please don't downvote me to high hell).	2
can't keep my mouth shut. i'm very socially awkward. i'm clinically social phobic, possibly with borderline personality disorder (most likely). i've worked hard to come out of my shell. i've made more of an effort to put myself out there. i can't stop talking or complaining about people. specifically people at work. i love my coworkers, they are like family to me, but damn. complete lack of effort, and work ethic with so many of them and it drives me crazy. i literally bit my tongue today. just wish i knew how to be a normal person.	11
you're cool if you put ice in your juice	0
can i have your attention please please	11
hi i'm bored, class sucks, entertain me plz	3
when you're learning the most spoken language in the world but still have no one to talk to fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller fillerfiller	2
i'm regretting my educational decisions and wondering if i should go back to school or lower my job hunting standards. so i graduated from undergrad last may, (majored in math) and i've been looking for a job related to that ever since. my biggest issue, i now realize, is that i never knew what i wanted to do (and still don't frankly), so i just majored in math because i was okay at it. i knew i didn't want to teach it, so looking for unspecified jobs i'm qualified for with only the bachelors in math is a bit hard. it's also highly discouraging that of all the places i've applied to in almost a years time, i've only directly heard back from two that both declined. so recently i've just been applying at basic retail stores just to have anything at all. i've thought of it before several times, but tonight it feels more like a decision that has to be made about whether or not i should go back to school for something more specific than just "math". i'm considering either a bachelors or masters in engineering (maybe mechanical or aerospace - i'm very interested in aerospace, but it feels like a far fetched fantasy at this time considering how poorly i did in my undergrad physics courses). these are all just ideas floating around in my head right now, and i don't know what to do about them yet. i'm a horrible decision maker, so i feel some stress now about going back to school sooner rather than later, if it's what i decide on, because i'm already forgetting so much of what i learned in undergrad it's kind of scary. if any of you have any kind of experience similar to this in terms of going back to school for an additional degree maybe, i'll be awake for a while thinking about this, so let's talk	1
im sorting by new but ppl dont post stuff stuff like plz post stuff,im bored also oops i wrote stuff twice	4
bruh i really got summer school tomorrow fuck the only good thing is that imma smoke everyday after school so that's lit	14
anyone wanna talk music? i'm listening to the grateful dead right now but i love all kinds of music... i love 60s and 70s stuff like the beatles, neil young, bob dylan, the stones, as well as the more psychedelic bands from that era like the byrds, the animals, the 13th floor elevators, deep purple, as well as soul from that era marvin gaye, otis redding, sam cooke, aretha franklin, the temptations, the supremes, sam & dave, punk like dropkick murphys, rancid, television, velvet underground, the kinks, the pixies- metal like iron maiden, black sabbath, wolfmother, led zeppelin, tesla, guns & roses, yngway malmsteen, as well as other guitar greats like roy buchanan, jimi hendrix, freddie king, albert king, bb king, anything with eric clapton in it (gotta love those blues guys don't get enough credit), rap like logic, childish gambino, eminem and modern rock/indie like cage the elephant, tame impala, the growlers, grunge like alice in chains, pearl jam, screaming trees, blind melon, blues traveller, funk like sly and the family stone, funkadelic, curtis mayfield, instrumental bands like booker t and the mgs, the ventures- you know what... that's way too much to list my point is just talk music and message me i have a music taste to fit everyone	1
using a gender neutral restroom i spent five hours studying at my university and had the need to poop. i went to the bathroom and did the deed and was really about to get off reddit and finish up when a guy opened my door. now i was looking at the lock turning and trying to remember if i actually did lock the door but yes, i did lock the door so it should have said that this stall was occupied. i couldn't even think of what to do when i saw the guy's face. we both just were in shock for a second until i said "ohmygod!" when he finally turned away and ran when i closed the door. i stayed in the stall for a good 10 minutes after that to make sure i didn't run into that dude again. didn't help he was kind of cute. it's been a couple hours since that incident and i can't stop thinking about how much the guy saw (or smelled lol) bonus fact: bled straight through my pants when i studied here a month ago guess i didn't take my warning the first time. tl;dr: twas pooping in gender neutral bathroom, guy opened my stall, we are probably both traumatized, please knock before opening any stall	12
where are all the horny posts bonk police going out of work bc of this	14
that nas quote is rlly sticking rn yk the one: "life's a bitch and then you die" emotions are lame i wanna stop feeling things. might start trying that today actually maybe i can force myself to stop having emotions	10
i'm going crazy. the good crazy. i'm heading into the next realm of reality. to be honest, i might not be the same person i once was before. just know, no matter what crazy changes i go through the next few days i hope you guys can support me. and remember i love you all	3
teenagers be putting up led lights and japanese tapestry around their room, as well as succulents next to their vinyl-player and swear they interior designers eh who am i to talk. i do the same thing too	11
i shit myself poopoo head dumy	0
2 years its been 2 years since ive created my reddit account and 2 years of not having sex. i think it checks out	0
psa: i will be getting married to whoever answers all these questions correctly 1. what is my favorite time in history? hint: think fire 2. what is my favorite by show? hint: goes along with #1 3. what am i majoring in, in college? hint: it's a public service 4. who is god? hint: i have 6 5. what is my favorite game: hint: you get none. 6. who is my love? hint: i have two 7. shark hint: car poggies bro	0
biggest sacrifice in my life! today i told dad i am not gonna sign up for the 4-days-long college tour. i did this because dad is having a shortage of money right now. this is the first and last opportunity for me to go on a trip with my best friends. i don't feel unbearably sad but i feel very good that i made dad have one less problem to worry about.	6
i just need to get this off my shoulders i guess it doesn't really affect me but my parents fight a lot. not physical just about little things i guess. and i've been noticing that she isn't the same anymore, if that makes sense. she isn't ever in the family room with us, or they just aren't the same as they used to be. i don't even know how it started or how i even noticed but basically, she is texting other dudes. mind you, she's engaged. from what i know it was like 2 people. at first it was "hey" "text me back?" and i was thinking oh maybe it's just a friend because why would i think she was cheating? but then i started seeing things like "i love you " and "do you miss me?", not to my dad. i again kept making myself think it was a friend because i can't think of that, and when i still do it makes me so sad. well i knew it wasn't just friends when i saw the pictures. they were basically nudes. it honestly broke my heart. and it's not like i can just confront her about it! i just hope she stops doing it. like the title says i just came here to get something off my shoulders. i hope i posted this to the right place. maybe someone could give me advice? i'm almost 14 and just don't know what to do... and i'm not depressed about it or anything just, confused? shocked? surprised? i don't even know anymore.	3
middle school dating advice (long story) i'm young (13yo) but ever since i met this girl (13yo) i've understood that feeling of connection. (backstory) i live in the suburbs and go to a small catholic school. there are only 50 kids a grade so everyone knows everyone. i never liked anyone and was always just a friend. then, she arrived at our school. she was always so sweet to others and we instantly became close friends. after knowing her for over 4 months, i finally asked her to dance. the night of that dance, i waited for a slow song and we had our moment. after the dance i told her i liked her. she did too. we started too get closer and we've liked each other ever since. i've left her gifts and we in general like to hang out with each other. (advice needed) i don't want to go on a "date" until high school. how can i keep a steady relationship without taking it too far? is it ok to kiss? should i ask her if she wants to see a movie? this is my first relationship and i've fallen for her. any help is welcome. (tl:dr) dating for 1-2 months. no dates until high school. how to i make a move without losing her? i am a 13 year old male. she is a 13 year old female	6
after great first date she (21) dosn't write that much with me (25) i know that it is quite stupid that i'm thinking that much about this, but we both met online and had an awesome first date. we found out that we are sharing many interests with each other. we even talked about future events where we could go together. it was a week ago and i tried to start a little bit of conversation via text, because of our shitty working times, we can't see each other in the near future. so now i'm thinking that she isn't interested in me at all because of her answers, which are always super short, and i know that she is writing with other people a lot more... so guys, am i just stupid and should stop worrying, or should i put my power in other things... i hate me so much for that	9
"omg look how much bigger ur hand is compared to mine" ok- ok but so why aint we fucking yet	11
what's the best way to slide into your crush's dms? my crush is pretty popular and extremely hard to talk to alone because she's always surrounded by friends. we can get in some good convos occasionally but i feel like it would be a good idea to try chatting to her through insta dms. only thing is that i have no idea how to slide into a girls dms without coming off as awkward or too obvious can u guys give me some pointers on how to start off dm convos?	1
teen needing some relationship advice hey fellow teens i've liked this girl for almost 4 years and after all this time i'm finally at the stage of being completely ignored and blocked which is really sucky. i don't wanna move on but i know it's for the best, do you guys have any tips on how to move on in a way where i'm not still gonna have feelings for her later down the track thanks	18
i'm a girl and i'm scared to tell my crush i like him my crush doesn't exist but you know? phenolphthalein blushes when it gets to second base	5
going on a school trip abroad tomorrow and i've been put in a room with people i don't speak to love that	0
16327 seconds bitches 16327 seconds till i can post from my main again	0
can someone help me with my hair i need a hair professional, someone who can give me advice on my shity hair. help	2
i'm so scared of coming out but it's way past the time that i should have sooooooo i want to dieee bcs lf fckn scks sad cowboy emoji.	2
ready to metaphorically die so i liked a good friend of me for a while. i didn't get the vibe back so i was cool with being friends. we are hanging out yesterday and last night and i totally unintentionally set the scene for us: candles burning, wine, low lights. what can i say? i like my fall candles i like wine with friends we needed the lights off for the movie well it didn't take long for us to be on the couch, make out, avoid his advances (i could tell he wanted sex) and he went home and barely talked to me today. so i texted him i valued him as a friend and not to feel weird. basically everything i said made it worse, because he is barely responding and i word vomited "i'm sorry i'm weird about this" and "i liked you i didn't think you liked me" he hasn't responded i am dying and cringing	1
idk why i'm randomly getting follows but ig i will take them. thank you for the ransoms doing that and thank you to those who don't because you're cool also	17
reasons to date me (this time serious) 1. i have a cat 2. i am an introvert and doesn't leave my house, how do you think i'll leave your heart 3. i know how to treat a girl very well and i have alot flirting tricks thanks to my parents 4. i have *almost* planned my whole future 5. i have a cat 6. please	13
i have a headache somebody kill me please it hurts really bad but i have school. i feel like my entire head is about to explode. the pain.	19
when did you know this was the moment to end a relationship? hey all i'm [37f] just asking out of curiosity. i know people have a tendency to either let go too soon or let go too late. personally i'm in camp old fashioned where i believe that a good relationship requires effort and communication. most times i trust my gut to tell me if its time to leave. like an eureka moment. i never had a relationship that lasted more then 4 years so i'm wondering also if i did the right thing or was i too hasty. what about you guys? i'm super curious to know. tldr: when was the moment or fight that you knew you had to leave a relationship?	6
i posted here earlier about me continuing to screw up relationships and i think i figured it out hope you guys can learn from my mistakes :( it took a lot of self reflection, but i really have a problem with validation. like when you get with someone and they break up with you hella fast, it makes you feel invalidated and sad because damn i screwed up already, so in the next relationship you start moving faster because you wanna feel validated that you can make a relationship work with someone, but then they get disoriented from how fast your moving and probably break it off with you. aaaaand repeat until you feel so invalidated about not being able to be loved that you start falling for people way too fast and drive them away. dont make my mistake im hurting and should have taken the time to heal instead of rushing into another relationship and getting hurt even more. dont do what i did, youll jusy dig yourself into a deeper hole each time	2
i ordered something off of ebay and it got delayed, nothing too out of the ordinary right? well its in oak creek, which apparently is the worst usps facility or something. 2.2 stars and they haven't been able to get anyone there packages in decent time. people who payed for premium 2 day shipping have said it's taken over 11 days to get their packages. so uh, woo	2
well fuck me. literally, im horny again lmfao smh my head	16
my manger played the shrek soundtrack at work today makes me want to fuck him even more	15
gave a girl an address to day's inn. and she responded "which one" proceeded to mention 3 other day's inn hotels.	10
i did it i asked for directions to the toilet without stuttering see you later virgins.	0
hey you there! have an awesome day!	8
i need a job how do i get a job im only 15 and i want a pc please i need a job i cant afford it what jobs can i get	13
why are they scheduling me at work so mf much?? like y'all i can't just do everything for u learn how to be independent bruh i have a life to live	11
guys i figured out a reddit hack if you comment on a lot of new posts eventually one of those posts will make it to hot and you'll get a lot of useless internet points. pro gamer moves	0
guys help how do i send someone to horny jail in real life	2
asagiri kafka killed my family & spat in my face why do they hate me so much i was so excited this chapter ???? hello theyre ruinin me over here	7
in light of our fallen brother josh for every person that vents to me i'll do 20 push-ups. it's okay to show your feelings and get help when you need it. you're not a burden to anyone. you're a gift to other people. don't throw it all away by killing yourself. it's a permanent solution to a temporary problem. people love you guys. i fucking mean it. i love everyone in this community and i'd hate to lose more people. stay happy guys.	3
can "fear of commitment" be a real thing? he (31) broke up with me (32) when everything was perfect so, here's the story. i've met this guy and never had such a chemistry with someone, from the first date everything was amazing, natural and easy between us. we dated and met regularly 3 weeks. he kept saying how he is happy with me, how grateful he is to have met me. he would say and show through gestures a lot of affection. i don't think i'm wrong when saying he was certainly feeling as blissful as me. but thing is, from the beginning, i could tell he was trying to keep some distance. ever if we had amazing moments together, he would not contact much between, and be ambiguous about the next date. he was saying he wants to keep his routine on weekdays and we would meet on weekend; still he would call me spontaneously after work sometimes and ask to meet, saying he misses me. the 3rd week, i told him i might stay in australia a little bit more and study here (i was supposed to leave after 2 months because of my visa) i explained him he's not the reason i'm staying -not that i don't hope to stay with him but i don't base such a decision on one criteria- but i could feel he thought he was the reason. he even compared to his own story, since he came australia initially to follow a girl, the only long relationship he had. it didn't go well and he said he regrets the decision he made. he asked me to carefully think about everything. and that he might also leave next year due to visa uncertainty (i'm french and he's korean by the way) he said he is happy though, but that wasn't the reaction i expected... i clearly saw anxiosity on his face when i told him i might stay longer. the next day we met for a coffee quickly but i felt him distant. and on the monday, he called me and said bluntly he wants to break up. i didnt see that coming, and asked him why suddenly. he told me he doesn't see a future with me. i had many relationships before, but that's first time i have such a short one, and as the same time, first time i've felt such a bliss and connection with someone. first time in my life i felt he's the guy i've always been waiting for. he's someone who never lived more than one or two years in the same place / country, had to move all the time since childhood. and he's an extremely loving and joyful person, as if everything he has to give must be given now. is there a possibility he's just running away because things started to get serious? because he might have felt i'm rushing things? i'd like to contact him but feel so confused. i'd like to keep in touch even as friends, i feel we still had so much to share, but since he's the one who broke up.. i never faced this situation tl;dr : i've been dating this guy for a short time everything was great, and he broke up suddenly when he felt things might get serious. (such a cliche when i write this summary )	1
i was a dumb 22 going on 23 y-o m hi reddiotrs. im ready for the hate. im ready for the crucifixions. as the title says... my last relationship was was a considerable amount of time ago. im now a hair away from 27 and am finally ready to meet people again. i like to think i've grown, matured, and gained a bit of direction since then, which is what i promised and looked forward to. well... here it its... i knew how i felt early in this one. also. i never felt that way about any one else id ever had interest in. i tried to express myself without sounding desparate or creepy. i have a past with depression anxiety and addictions, though at that time i wasnt spiraling in the addiction aspect at that moment. we were college students, we had a 5 week christmas break which made us long distance early on, her without a car and all that yada sort of made it hard to see each other. i also did not get re-hired at my summer job, she did, so she worked almost every day of that break. i tried (maybe a little too hard) to keep texting, talking, showing interest. hell i lost count of how many times i asked her when i could drive out there to see her. i missed her so much i couldnt stand it. probably came off as needy. i even tried to exterminate some of my bad habits i knew she wasnt crazy about. that was going well. just not the anxiety and irrationality it caused. it didnt make me get angry or cry, just made me sound needy with all the overthought out questions. possibly impatient as well. also. she was only my second gf ever. so i felt like i had no idea how to go about anything. i was never meaning to seem selfish for wanting to see her or talk. we have talked it out since and we're cool with each other. i was honestly just genuinely interested in being a positive part of her life and growing with her. i think i can manage, but any advice from people that know what they're doing would be much appreciated. sorry its so long... isnt every dating story... thanks reddit... i think...	0
i got laid off from my job today it's not the greatest feeling, especially as i was trying to get my life together (building my career, trying to make new friends, lose weight, get a girlfriend) and then *this* comes up . the plus side is that i know i can find something better now that i have more experience (was hoping i'd finish here with at least 2 years experience) and i could also leave for l.a. now that i have time to do so. life has a way of turning things upside down when you least expect it, right?	2
okay but did y'all read jacqueline wilson books growing up and if so what were your favourites? mine were: - lily alone - cookie - vicky angel how about you?	5
causing a massive fight in paintball buckle up guys! this is a long one but sooo worth it. heres a bit of context, i was a part of this after school club that organized a paintball trip for the first time in decades! the amount of participants in the trip was a lil over 20 and the majority of them happen to be friends of mine. fast-forward to the paintball arena, each person is assigned to one of two teams. me & sam (a friend of mine) happen to be on opposing teams so we trash talk about how were gonna take each other down and enter the arena pumped up. they explain to us in there that each member has a tag wrapped around their arm. the color of the tag corresponds to the color of their teammates tags. problem is, the place was too dark to see the colors. they also tell us to yell "freeze!" to anyone within a 2m radius as a safety rule. game starts and all hell breaks loose, people are throwing grenades and shooting aimlessly but not me. im on a mission to take down sam since i know hes gunning for me. i manage to sneak behind enemy lines and get a few kills. then...it happened... this 7ft arab dude catches me off guard and whispers "so whats the plan?" right in my ear. i jump in the air and do a 180 degree turn followed by "freeze!" but he was confused. he said "what are you doing?", i was still panicking since my instincts took over so...i shot him....5 fucking times. he yells "what the fuck is wrong with you?!", so the referee escorts him off the arena and the game continues. i didnt really think much of it until it was time to leave. we all wait outside for the bus and thats when the arab dude rushes towards sam and shoves him into the wall. he doesnt even give sam room to ask whats going on before swinging a punch. i get in between the two of them since i was the biggest guy in the group (humble brag) and push them both away. thats when the arab dude yells "how can you be such a bitch and shoot your own fucking teammates?!". thats when it hits me, there are only two black guys in the group. me & sam. this arab dude must have mistaken me for sam when i crossed into their area since the gear covered our faces amd all you could see was our afros. they were both given a warning by the club leader which defused the fight. i took the secret with me to my grave. to this day sam is confused as to why that guy attacked him tl;dr: unintentionally instigated a fight between two people.	1
i sabotage relationships, but trying to change. relationship im in, venting, seeking advice[new] submitted 10 minutes ago by cahappycow if theres another sub better for this let me know. i guess this could be considered a relationship w myself ive been single for basically 7 yrs (28f) so as i start feeling more ready to start to date ive been analyzing myself trying to figure out if im emotionally mature enough to start to date again. i want to give someone the best possible version of myself and nothing less. every past relationship ive been in, i have sabotaged with my neediness, clingyness, and insecurities. i can feel it happening but it always felt like i couldnt stop it. when i am in a relationship with someone, i want to spend as much times as possible with them, sleep w them everynight, i get possessive and jealous. its really not cute. before getting into a new relationship, i really want to overcome this altho it feels built into my dna. i have seen therapist trying to work through it, but sessions felt like bringing up past trauma from my childhood was just picking off a scab and making it bleed again every week. it never felt productive. i havent had a serious relationship for the past 7 years partially due to not being able to find someone im compatable with (i never want kids, dont want to date someone w kids so this drastically lowers my dating pool), and partially because i really want to change and not be needy and i dont think ive overcome this yet. being single, i am independent. i live alone, travel alone, go backpacking alone. i have a lot of hobbies photography, ukulele, volleyball, cooking, paddleboard, hike, camp, reading, hang out w friends but usually i just overwork myself because i am a workaholic and work 70 hour weeks which allows me to travel, live comfortably, contribute to my ira, and save a lot of $ too. well i wanted to try and do some self work/healing/whatever you want to call it and came across an article. she talks about 3 attachment styles: secure, anxious, and avoidant. i am the anxious. ive never related to something so much in my life. i hate that im like this, but really want to overcome so i can eventually have a healthy normal relationship where i feel secure. i dont know why im sharing this, i guess to get an outside perspective. i think one of the biggest reasons i dont want kids is because i know how much my childhood affected me and i never want to damage another person (among the dozens of other reasons). i will link the article in the comments, and i plan on working through the questions asked. i started journal writing again recently which i used to do a lot. i may try and seek out another therapist but i am hesitant. so far, nature has been my most effective therapist. i do feel happy for where i am in life. i have traveled to many countries, im not in debt, my jobs love me (and i love my jobs/coworkers/clients), i have a small biz, 2 cars, looking at buying property soon, college educated, close friends. its just when i get into a relationship, i turn into a possessive batshit crazy psycho. thanks for reading and for any advice. tl;dr want to be in a relationship, but i am psycho.	1
i was a skater boy on the train today and unfortunately i was with my mum so i got cockblocked why why why why why why why why why why why	14
to all the people that sort by new .. thank you . a simple upvote can make a persons day. you never know how a person life is going and that upvote could really help them. keep upvoting new and downvoting ads. thank you for coming to my ted talk.	3
used to be a dumb 22 going on 23 y o male. hi reddiotrs. im ready for the hate. im ready for the crucifixions. as the title says... my last relationship was was a considerable amount of time ago. im now a hair away from 27 and am finally ready to meet people again. i like to think i've grown, matured, and gained a bit of direction since then, which is what i promised and looked forward to. well... here it its... i knew how i felt early in this one. also. i never felt that way about any one else id ever had interest in. i tried to express myself without sounding desparate or creepy. i have a past with depression anxiety and addictions, though at that time i wasnt spiraling in the addiction aspect at that moment. we were college students, we had a 5 week christmas break which made us long distance early on, her without a car and all that yada sort of made it hard to see each other. i also did not get re-hired at my summer job, she did, so she worked almost every day of that break. i tried (maybe a little too hard) to keep texting, talking, showing interest. hell i lost count of how many times i asked her when i could drive out there to see her. i missed her so much i couldnt stand it. probably came off as needy. i even tried to exterminate some of my bad habits i knew she wasnt crazy about. that was going well. just not the anxiety and irrationality it caused. it didnt make me get angry or cry, just made me sound needy with all the overthought out questions. possibly impatient as well. we ended the day we wnt back to school. i even told her i banked on it working out. i probably should have asked what else i neded to do for her, but was not in my right mind. also. she was only my second gf ever. so i felt like i had no idea how to go about anything. i was never meaning to seem selfish for wanting to see her or talk. we have talked it out since and we're cool with each other. i was honestly just genuinely interested in being a positive part of her life and growing with her. i think i can manage, but any advice from people that know what they're doing would be much appreciated. sorry its so long... isnt every dating story... thanks reddit... i think... tl;dr: i used to be dumb, anxious and a bit needy. i massively screwed up before but and dont want to again. any advice? read above for details.	0
weak minded mgtow's you're acting like a bunch of girls. is mgtow ur new religion or something	1
imagine having such a good trip u think uv seen god and transcended to a higher plane of existence the price is only iq	10
my friend got a ps4 text saying "rate my bobs" and then a pic needless to say he didn't rate it and left the chat because virginity is cool	0
my {21f} best friend {23m} didn't tell me that he got engaged he's been such a good friend of mine for about half of my life and i couldn't be more grateful for him. but i realized how much of a jerk he was when i had to find out from his mom that he was engaged. to a woman that i don't like. that he was with for less than a year. like, he was supposed to be my bestfriend and he couldn't even tell me that he was engaged wtf. but at the same time i can kind of see why he didn't tell me because we had a falling out last year at his birthday party because of her. she was being shady towards me and i called her out. of course he took her side so i stopped talking to him and then he apologized to me because he missed me. his mom called me around christmas and boasted about him getting engaged. i was obviously confused but i didn't tell her that because it was embarrassing that i was his bestfriend and wasn't one of the first to know. i simply just texted him and said, "your mom told me you were engaged." he called me and he was just really happy and excited like he didn't forget to tell me and then he told me that he wanted me to be his best woman. he already had a best man but he wanted me to be up there too. (he's dumb sometimes don't mind him). i just asked him how he wanted me to be a best woman at a wedding that i didn't even know about. he said that he was gonna tell me but he was caught up. i asked him how he would feel if i were to be engaged and not tell him but he just made a joke out of it. he keeps saying, "i'm not letting you get married because he's gonna take you away from me." yeah whatever. i just told him that i had something to do and then hung up. he texted me a few hours later saying that he was serious about me being in his wedding and was telling me what he wanted me to wear. i just lied and told him that i couldn't go. i don't want to be in his wedding. i don't want to be near his wife. i don't want to be near him. he's fakkkeee. a fake friend. he randomly sent me a link to that "we don't talk anymore" song and i just replied, "you're so corny lol." then he says, "i miss you " i just replied with "ohh" and then went about my day. he obviously feels guilty about not telling me because he's been sending me old pictures of us when we were younger non-stop. he's also been subtweeting me a lot, like when he posted a throwback embarrassing picture of me and then after that made a post that said "i don't think there's anything that hurts more than being abandoned by someone you were once so close to." as you can see, he's very sensitive and in touch with his emotions so i'm not surprised that he's getting married so quickly. but i wish he would've told me. he would've been one of the first to know had it been me. i don't think he's a good friend to me anymore and if i could randomly just stop talking to him, i would but he doesn't play those games. he knows how to make me feel extremely guilty into talking to him. tl;dr: my bestfriend of 9 years didn't tell me that he was engaged. i had to find out from his mom and i don't want to be friends with him anymore because that's so messed up to me	2
i am scared y'all i just did my audition for varsity choir and i'm pretty nervous bc i know all my friends will get in but i probably will not	0
i (30f) found out my boyfriend (29m) cousin's daughter is his actual daughter i (30f) found out my boyfriend (29m) cousin's daughter is his actual daughter my boyfriend of 2.5 years is very very close to his cousins, one girl in particular but it never bothered me. he loves his "daughter" very very much which i always thought was very sweet. recently he started calling her his "daughter", which i took as a term of endearment, calling her that was not that surprising since i knew how very close and loving they are with each other. but tonight i was in a bad mood and said "hey it's cute sometimes but not every time, she's not your daughter"! and he got so serious all of a sudden and told me that she is actually his daughter. i kept giving him many chances to say he's kidding because i could not believe it, but he just kept getting more serious as if he understands that i'm right to be hurt and saying stuff like "we can't change the past" or "i promise there is nothing left there" implying that he had romantic feelings at one point. or "it would be better if you continue to believe that she is not my daughter". so other than being disgusted that he'd knock up his cousin, (which is not the worst thing here cause his grandparents are first cousins and one of his uncles had a kid with his cousin, so it is not that entirely far fetched that this might happen) i am so hurt because he had been lying to me for soo long. and also i don't care if this is his cousin, the rule about past ex's or people we've slept with is that they must be completely removed from our lives, which i've stayed (painfully) true to. and not only do they talk every day but he is oddly (for me) close to this woman. so to sum up, he has this illegitimate 7 year old daughter born of incest of whom i've been believing is his cousin's daughter for 2 and a half years. and he is so extremely close with his cousin still even after they've slept together which is a big no no and hurts a great deal. am i crazy? is this pretty bad? am i within my right to ask him to restrict his contact with her, especially if it is not related to his child? i feel that there's just no trust left here and my instinct is to run away. has anyone experienced something like this before? is my response normal? i'm mostly looking to vent here and maybe get some understanding responses but if anyone has any advice please share. i want to run away. i still have like 2% hope that this might be some horribly cruel joke, of which i don't know if i can get over cause it took a lot for me to get to this point of believing that this is actually true. and he actually let me stay in the bathroom for 3 hours (and counting) without ever saying it was a joke	14
first flight alone tomorrow i go on my first flight alone without my parents or my friends and i'm slightly nervous for it. how did everyone else deal with this? any general advice ?	6
i did it boys and girls i went outside.	0
it's my birthday bois i turnin 13 today	0
is having a fear of the ocean unusual? i feel like no one else has this fear and people always say it's odd	1
tfw when u knew nothing for an exam at all but your really good at writing and bullshitting apparently and get an a i knew pretty much nothing for my socials exam but apparently i'm good at writing a lot and guessing/making stuff up that makes sense when i write so i got an a somehow i actually thought i failed the test when i handed it in	0
i just caught a shiny pokemon and you never, probably filler hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh	0
how do i (17f) talk more with a boy? i started talking occasionally with a boy in my class about a month and a half before school ended and basically ended up with a big crush on him oof. the thing is, i'm going into my senior year but he's a year ahead and just graduated. i don't even know if he'd want a relationship the summer before college (his is like 4 hours away), but he's so fun to talk to that i'd be happy to even make friends with him. (skip this paragraph if you don't want rambling lmao) my ap chemistry teacher paired us together for a day and we started talking and making each other laugh. we've kind of known each other for a few years but just started talking then, but we got along really well and share interests like band and the same video games. we briefly talked about minecraft and zelda a few times after that, and during his final chem presentation he kept making eye contact with me even though i sit on the side of the room. after my presentation he stood up and air fived me from the other side of the room :') now that i've overanalyzed everything: i have a few mutual friends who have mentioned him in conversation a lot, and we once all hung out with my crush in a bigger group. should i try to hang out with them and play smash or nintendo land or something and ask them to invite him? would it be weird to add him on snapchat and start a conversation?? he's amazing and i just want to be huge video game nerds with him and uhhhh maybe hold hands please help fellow teenagers	16
blowing a monster load this happened two nights ago around 11pm. sorry i'm on mobile and even tho english is my first language but i suck. i posted this yesterday and it got removed for some reason, i decided to change it more pg and use less vulgar words so here we go again! backstory: i'm a 20 male that's never really been a hit with the lady's, some weird frick up happens every time and ruins it, this time was no exception. when i'm by myself at the shooting range and i've got my trusty man rifle in my hand i love practicing distance, it adds a sense of competition to it and makes jacking off more exciting. anyways onto the story i've been seeing this girl for a few weeks and we really seemed to hit it off. we went on a couple nice dates, cuddled at her house a lot, and even had sex one time before this! but last night changed everything. while i was about to leave her house after a night of cuddling she pulled me back onto the bed and i instantly knew she wanted my trusty rifle. we started to undress each other, i was already fully torqued ready to go and before we knew it we were pounding away. after about 10 mins of love wrestling i knew my rifle wouldn't be able to hold back the perfect shot for much longer. politely i asked if i could pull out and fire my rounds onto her, she said yes. as soon as i heard those words of glory i pulled out and grabbed hold of my trusty rifles barrel giving it a few more strokes before boom! just like a 50 caliber bullet my man juices zoomed across her body leaving a straight trail of cum that lead from her waist all the way up to the left side of her hair, some made it onto the wall and got on her freshly washed sheets. feeling the recoil of my shot i didn't notice how far and how much i actually shot out. now this is where i fucked up. after the effects of the recoil wore off i looked down at her face that was completely filled with shock and horror, i started to laugh cause to me that's pretty funny and i felt very proud of my load. that proudness soon shrank to nothing as she got mad and started to freak out that i drenched her in man juices and got it in her hair. i tried my best to play it off as a joke but that only made things worse, she told me to get out because she had to shower. quickly i got my clothes and shoes on, i tried to give her a hug goodbye but she just stood there with straight arms, looking away from me. once i left i had a big grin on my face because who could upset after shooting such a nice shot but also i knew that i was fricked and i was gonna get an ear full the next day. today being a new day, i texted her the usual "good morning" which she ignored so i tried to make a joke "did i scare ya off with my monster load? " faster than lightning she responded going off on me for finding it funny. after that i can confirm we will no longer be seeing each other. tl;dr i got kicked out of a girl's house by blowing a monster load and drenching her	1
when my friends make foreskin jokes haha jokes on you i dont have friends or foreskin	0
my teacher is blasting the duck song during finals ok this is epic	0
i just made a gingerbread house it was fun but took way too long	0
i've been kazooing all day	0
i'm going at the scout camp! and i have an idea. first of all, english ain't my mother tongue, so if something isn't understandable, just ask me in the comments please. so i've been a boy scout for 10 years now and i'm really thankful for it, because ai think it really changed my life. for about 4 years i'm a scout leader, i'm planning "meetings" for kids weekly and almost every saturday we're somewhere in the forest. now for the plan. we're gonna be at the camp from saturday (june 28) to july 20 and it would be really cool if you could just send me a letter. i would than take those letters and read them with kids. it would sure be really interesting experience, they would improve their english, and, we would answer some of them as well. here's the address: simon machac skautsky tabor u provodovic vsechovice 17 vsechovice 753 53 if you could, send us a letter, it would be very helpful. if you don't want to send one, but you like the idea, up this post so more people can know about this one. if i receive some letters, i'll sure post something from the activity here. enjoy you summer break guys, hope this won't die in new. regards simon	8
god i'm so fucking lonely i just want someone to spoon me and slowly stroke their hand across my inner thigh while whispering kinky things in my ear	4
i messed up so bad. how do i fix it i did something stupid. something i regret. i had an inappropriate conversation with a old hook up yesterday. he had sent me a snap about how my birthday was and i asked about his. long story short we started rehashing the past and the conversation got extremely inappropriate. it lasted about an hour or so and that was it. well last night as i was in the shower for the first time ever my boyfriend decided to go through my phone and he saw the text. i realized something was wrong when i got out and realized what had went down. i didn't deny the convo. i take 100% blame. i don't blame him for being upset or hurt. i did this, it shouldn't have happened. he packed his stuff and went home. he's angry and upset. i broke his heart but i want to fix it so bad. there was nothing wrong with us. we don't fight. nothing but a random text from an old fling caused me to ruin it all. ok truly so damn stupid. has anyone been through this and worked it out?	4
hey all wanna hear a good tip? take a shit	0
i just watched wonder for the first time what an inspirational movie. it was both deep and silly at times, and i knew from the moment they talked about minecraft it would be good.	1
rejoined reddit hi, so i have had a reddit account already, but have created a new account due to my username, previously, being my full name (rookie mistake). so i have created a new account. i had 900 karma on my account. this post is a request to get me 900 karma back 🏼 let's see how it goes. thanks!	18
guys, what do you feel when an unattractive girl stares at you? you're probably not turned on, but does it bother you? i'm curious	10
suicide hours	4
bro, i just wanna talk to a girl whever i try to talk to one, they just leave i'm sad i only talk to guys and they're boring i wanna hear about how jesicca fucked todd and all that bullshit. i want something *different*	2
relationship [m24][1 year] broke. she treated me badly. how to continue? let it go? my (ex)gf[23] and i have known each other for quite some time. we have dated in high school and i was her first boyfriend. things broke when she had to move away. since then we kind of had an on-off thing going. we both knew at some point we might end up back together. we started dating other people but never lost track of each other, meeting sometimes and even having sex. we almost had a relationship , at least i wanted to but she did an exchange term and she shut me down. i was kind of sad but also understood it. once she returned from her exchange term, we started texting more. she went through a rough patch mentally and even had panic attacks. anyway the texting intensified and she proposed getting back together. i was the perfect guy for her and she would be happy to have me back. i just got out of a relationship and thought let's give it a try. we never were at a phase where we lived close to each other and i really had immense feelings for her. we both have a connection that is really unique. we share the same interests, we are each other's type and we have a long history. in the beginning it felt beautiful. everything was great, we did city tours. the sex was amazing. she complained that she never had an orgasm in her life before (other than when masturbating) and i changed that. she liked that i was well endowed (as she remembered it) and couldn't get enough of me. she still went through a rough phase in her life. it felt good to be there for her. we did loads of family stuff, i was invited to birthdays of her family members and her family still knew me and really loved it that we were back together. they said that we were a great fit. then she had to move away to another european city for her master degree. we knew it was going to be tough but swore to each other to go through with it. i am applying for masters degree and thought about doing it in her city (currently working). things changed. she became increasingly annoyed by me and more cold and distant. at the same time she was sorry. she proposed an open relationship, but i said it was not an option for me. she started texting less and less and seemingly less interested. she said the thought of me visiting her made her nauseous. i normally would have pulled the plug but she meant a lot to me so i wanted to do everything i could to make it work. it got really bad at the end. she couldn't even write heart emojis and only replied in short sentences. it was really cruel. but i decided to wait until we met in person. we did so. when we met , she could barely hug me. we spent some days at my family during holidays. we talked it through. she essentially said she has been in constant doubts if i was the right one for her. and she doesn't know anymore if she just chose me because she had a tough time at that moment. she kept mentioning how she didn't have these worries with her other ex bfs. i said i found it curious because in the beginning she mentioned how i was better in every way than them, but okay. we were in bed together when we finally broke up. it felt so awkward that she literally had to lie on the complete opposite edge on the bed. just a few months ago she couldn't let go of me. she cried really hard. she said she was so sorry and she doesn't know what was wrong with her, why she feels so trapped. she said she wanted to stay friends because of our history. i told her i was not convinced. i said that i can't imagine staying friends with anyone who felt so repulsed by me. i told her i needed space. she didn't like it. she said breaking up was a chance for her to release the pressure and maybe find back together. i didn't understand it. after the breakup she kept texting me asking me how i was. i told her i needed space. she said just contact me when you are ready. i said i didn't know if that was ever going to happen again. for her, it was devastating. she told me she already missed me and said she would like it if i came to study in her city. i said let's take a few weeks off and maybe have a phone talk then when the minds are settled. i really don't know what to do. of course i am hurt it is over. i believe that it wasn't easy for her as well. i don't want her out of my life but i am not sure if it is good for me. i can't really imagine being friends with her after she felt so repulsed by me. i don't want to be the guy that was just not good enough for a relationship. i'm not sure a relationship could ever work because of the trust that is gone. sometimes i think it is not completely over yet. i still don't know why her feelings changed so much. i know from her friends that there is no other guy and she also told me and i believe her. it seems like a lose lose situation. tl;dr she broke up after 1 year and treating me terribly. we have a long history and i don't know how to deal with it.	10
just got a wave of dread that betty white may have died this happens more often than i'd like to admit, but i am sleep deprived and feel little upset right now. i don't think i can rest until the sub rises and news would officially be out something is wrong. stay strong betty	3
my [26f] so [33m] becomes extremely depressed and insufferable every year around his birthday and i just don't know what to do anymore. **tldr; my so becomes extremely depressed and insufferable every year around his birthday and i just don't know what to do anymore. he makes everyone around him uncomfortable and eventually no one will want to be around him to "celebrate."** been with my so for 4 years now, and his birthday has always sucked for him. starting from childhood his parents ignored him on his birthday wouldn't get him anything except fast food, would just leave him to watch all his younger siblings while they went to the bar or casino; his ex-wife's birthday was 2 days before his and she always made it all about her and ignored his day; then she (because she's honestly a cold hearted person) served the divorce papers on his birthday... and so every year during his birthday week he becomes insufferable. i understand it's a trigger for his depression, but my god... its days of walking on eggshells and a moody, angry, depressed man lingering like a dark storm cloud. i try so hard to make his birthday happy, i make plans with him, i try to incorporate his family and friends, give him thoughtful gifts, but his attitude is so exhausting... nothing is ever enough, and when anything goes wrong (a long wait at a restaurant, bad traffic on the way out, cat throws up on the floor) he goes "meh, my birthday sucks. always does. don't know why i expect anything more." on his birthday i made dinner plans at one of our favorite restaurants, invited his parents and siblings, and he was in a foul mood the entire time and made everyone uncomfortable. his brother even said when my so got up to use the bathroom "he really makes it fun to be around him." i won't be surprised if no one wants to come when i try to make plans next year... and i know what you're thinking "well just don't make plans to go out with him on his birthday." well the one year i didn't plan anything he said i didn't care about him. so damned if i do, damned if i don't. his mom has tried to fix their relationship in recent years, but since she didn't call him to wish him a happy birthday this year, she only texted him, he took it as a gigantic slight toward him and was shitty towards her at his birthday dinner. his one brother didn't even text him at all so he took that extremely personally. and last year his grandmother died and she always called him on his birthday to sing "happy birthday" and i know that's a contributing factor this year and probably will be for years to come. his birthday was this past weekend but he took off work today and has been in bed the last 24 hours. he was up until 4:30 this morning watching youtube. i got home tonight and asked if he was just going to stay in bed all day. he didn't even look at me and just shrugged. so i left him up there. i've tried many things for several years and i'm the kind of person who doesn't give a shit about their birthday so i just am internally screaming because idk what to do anymore. i don't even get a "thanks for trying." if i don't try i'll be yet another person who "doesn't give a shit" about him but no matter what i do, i can't make his birthday nice. he used to go to therapy, he really needs to go again. he clearly has unresolved issues. i love him very much and eventually, this will end. like cinderella at mightnight, it'll be like it never happened and he'll go back to normal. until next april. i'm seriously considering next year buying him a plane ticket and paying for a hotel room for a week so he can be this way by himself.	11
new year, new home, no friends just moved to a new town and i'm used to being around my friends in all my free time. without that support group i find myself here looking for anyone who wants to hold a conversation with me for a while so i can pretend like i'm not alone	12
whoops lol so i've been talking to this chick lately. and things were going pretty well in my opinion. we had been friends for a bit, and we got along really well. but idk what happened. i didn't do anything wrong. but just kinda got friend zoned lol. so idrk where else to just blow off some steam but here. sorry guys	9
now that i think of it though i wonder what a goth girl would look like while wearing a bikini. hm.	10
i have to edit my video and i don't wanna djckdkekcjsdifk but it has to be done by tomorrow	2
time for some intimidating gals, dudes, nbs and everyone else on the spectrum my best friend officially has her first boyfriend and i'll be meeting him in a few weeks. unfortunately the dude goes to the one university(and high school) where i don't know people, so finding out if he has anything my friend should be made aware is turning out to be more difficult than i thought. anyways, i still want to put the fear of god(or well... me ) in him :) now i know some of you are gonna say, 'she's 18, if she gets hurt thats on her because she is an adult'. but i love her to bits and a little fear doesn't hurt anyone. any ideas how i can do that? talking points, actions or anything to make sure he knows what he's getting into. thanks!	12
i need to post but i have no idea what to do so i'll do this. anyways enjoy the rest of your day. also i have feelings for you	5
pretend i said something funny edit: thanks for the platinum stranger	0
i know a few really nice people named karen. so karen gets a lot of hate on this site lately. i thought i'd take a second and say that i know some really cool karens and they're not all bad this came up in a thread last night and i thought i'd spread it further.	19
"you're looking less like a pale, lead poisoned tudor and more like a swedish farm girl" i was pretty unwell for a while and was finally diagnosed with celiac disease. i'm feeling so much better now and am much healthier. i had so much inflammation in my gut (diarrhea also!), bad skin, losing weight. just everything was bad. over the last 8 months i've become so much more healthy; skin better, more colour in my face etc. and this is what my fiance said to me today perfect lol.	1
i graduated from high school for the second time today i did seven years of high school, seven f*cking years. im dutch and the system is weird here. after 5 years i could go to college but i went back for two years to get my vwo diploma so i can go to uni. i cant believe im actually finished. im so happy and yet so sad. did it suck? yes, ofcourse its high school but ive met so many amazing people who im gonna be friends with for many years to come hopefully. i also met many incredible teachers who inspired and motivated me to keep going. many of my old classmates who didnt do two years extra would always say "ur still at that school? why?" having friends moving on going to college was weird but it forced me to make more friends. please choose something that makes you happy. you only have one life and you have to make it the best you can. did this cost me two extra years of my life? yes. am i a better person because of it? yes. im happy i did it even though i was laughed at and mocked by pupils and even teachers. im moving on and going to uni, finally. i feel free. idk what the message of this story but i just wanted to put this out into the world. enjoy high school people, i did eventhough i was there for seven years lol	3
ama 17f since everyone's doing one	1
help! how do i handle my [f/26] partner [m/30] complimenting other women? so i need help with my thoughts. i've had a huge argument over it. he knows im insecure and we were in an argument and he purposely told me that he finalized the deal with xyz and i said ok and then he teasingly said with a smirk "she's hot btw" and i instantly fuled up and he said im sorry i was joking i wanted to tease you, i dont think shes hot i didnt even look at her that way that resulted in a huge fight with me repeatedly asking him if he thinks shes hot and him repeatedly saying no and then he got angry because of my over reaction and not letting it go he apologised later too. and then i asked him later what he thought of her (a few times) and he said yes shes pretty, yeah ok she's beautiful but im not attracted to her im only attracted to you why don't you get it? you're the most beautiful to me. i then asked him to rate her (shallow i know) and he said 7/10. i asked him to rate me he said 11/10. and then i got mad again that only 4 more? and he said 11/10 means infinite. now we've made up but how do i (super insecure person) make peace with the fact that there are other beautiful women out there and he can find them beautiful. how? idk how to process my thoughts and i feel so lost because im not sure whats going on with me. tl;dr: he teased me with another girl and we had a huge argument and idk how to deal with this knowledge.	2
bruh how am i supposed to sleep when i'm all infatuated y'all i don't normally get called beautiful a lot and i just did ! (y'all already know from a previous post i made) it made my heart flutter bc like i feel like beautiful is so meaningful??? bc it seems like people who only call me cute only look at my face	5
im only subscribed to r/thathappened because i like the eye roll emoji every time it pops up on my screen i like to stare at it for a few seconds. idk why im obsessed with an emoji of all things. but i just really like it because its the perfect response to so many things and i cant get enough of the emoji that i have to subscribe to a subreddit just to see it.	11
tonight i surprised him ... at his ice hockey match and he was so adorable y'all should've seen his face when he saw me wearing his jersey smiling at him from the other side of the rink. y'all being in a relationship is amazing and all i'm saying is shoot your shot because sooner or later, you too will experience cute af moments like these	6
feminists claim "toxic masculinity" is where the patriarchy doesn't allow men to express feelings. kavanaugh is accused of gang rape, gets upset, is mocked by feminists for having emotions	7
a week ago in summer school, a girl told me "your feet are big". since people say the bigger the foot, the bigger the dick, it means that she just complimented my dick. later, virgins.	0
wait 13 year olds still believe in "santa"? so i have pinterest, and i keep seeing these 13 year girls olds do "hauls" of the piles of presents they got, using a feature called story pins. one of them kept saying oh this (insert expensive item such as airpods) i got from santa. i know this sounds mean but if you had access to the internet how could they still believe, the internet is cruel ngl. i mean i just assumed most kids found out when they were 5-8 ish but i'm probably wrong	1
my crush rejected me and she likes my best friend	12
i literally doubt that anyone will ever love me my mind just says no i hate it i wanna be able to believe someone when they say they feel things or they like my body but i always think they're lying/:	2
my brother just called my tits saggy he said "if you were an apple you'd be a granny smith" i asked "why" and he said "cuz you got saggy grandma titties" bro leave my tits alone they're great edit: important detail i forgot to mention is that i'm a dude	2
you aren't a true boomer until you've blown a building up	16
kissing a boy would be pretty poggers or even just holding hands i just want to be gay with someone rlly bad	19
i had my first panic attack last night and practically cried myself to sleep because of school now i finally know what it means to be a teenager	18
my wholesome youtube project, please take 6.9 seconds out your day to subscribe, means the world hello r/teenagers, i'm a young teen from australia and have recently started a youtube channel. it is about my nonno's inspirational life stories and it would be appreciated if you could check it out. the reason i made this channel is because my nonno has so many funny, inspirational and wholesome stories to tell before he eventually passes it away. it would be great if you could check it out. thanks [nonno's stories](<url>)	6
talk to me so i'm a 16 year old boy and i want someone to talk to (maybe even be my boyfriend haha)	16
boyfriend (m20) wants more sexual experience and i (f19) don't know what to do now.. soo my boyfriend and i have been together for 3 years now and we are very happy most of the time. recently he told me that he wasn't sure anymore and that he felt like he is missing out on things. he then wanted to break up with me but decided not to because he felt like it might be the wrong choice. he still loves me very much, we have sex quite often, it's not like the relationship isn't working anymore. but he also still feels like he is missing out on life and that he should gain more sexual experience. we decided not to break up yet but to work on some issues within the relationship. i think we can succeed but i don't know what to think about this other thing. i always feel like it is worth missing out on some things if i can be with him. but it hurts that he doesn't feel the same way... i'm to jealous for an open relationship and i don't think a threesome will help much i don't know what to do?! he says i can't do anything and that i am perfect and that it isn't my fault.. what do you guys recommend apart from breaking up with him so that he can go and enjoy his single life..	1
need some cash, anyone wanna shoot porno? most people make $800 a vid on pornhub	5
imagine being right-handed all of those right-handed """"people""" be here having a hard time trying to upv*te or downv0te posts looool!	1
i was having intement sex with a man and forgot to say "no homo" damn	2
how would you feel if an old coworker friend showed up at your place unannounced to chat for a minute? she was one of my fave coworkers but she has a habit of showing up announced. being kind of an introvert i get caught off guard and kinda flustered, like too much at once. i feel awkward and self conscious and like i don't know what to say and then i feel stupid for feeling that way. it's not a good feeling.	1
does anyone know what i'm feeling? i don't know does anyone know what i'm feeling right now? yesterday my father had said he pretty much does not consider me one of his children anymore. and the feel i got, and i have now is confusing me. when i remember the words he said in the moment, a feeling in my chest, stomach a bit and as strange as it is, my "private parts" like it flushes as if i'm aroused but i am not. it it definitely negative as i can get my mind off what was said to me. i really want to know what this emotion is, please help? i am a girl if you are wondering, the pain i felt was something different and it's still longing in me	7
only female mosquitos bite you female sucked blood out of me, later virgins	0
yeah i dropped a book in the school corridor while this cute guy walked past on purpose but he didnt help me pick it up im very sad now why cant i live in a typical cringey teen show universe life is unfair.	2
this would've been epic gamer hours if i wasn't lagging like hell it's a shame because i wanna win loot and skins from a special event. but the event is ending tomorrow and my internet is not letting me do it	2
are you really a cool kid if you've never unzipped and rolled up your pants to make them shorts? *unzips* *rolls* *coolness intensifies *	0
just got tested for covid-19 positive fuck.	0
i woke up to pee at 5 in the morning to a fucking snake in my bathroom. i proceeded to develop a new phobia to snakes until solar saved the day! solar is our cat, he has just won the cat of the year award. like the title says, i woke up to pee at 5 in the morning to a snake in my bathroom! i wasnt wearing my glasses so while taking a fat piss i was just kind of squinting at it until it moved and i realized it was a snake. i naturally watched it for a while and gave myself more and more anxiety as it slithered around a bit. but then i led solar, the cat, to the snake a few times. he wasn't interested all, he poked it a couple times and the snake barely moved in response. so giving up on that i read online the best way to get the snake out of the house without hurting it was to smother it with a towel and wrap it up and carry it somewhere to set it free. because i didn't really want to hurt it or kill it. i didn't even know until today that i do *not* fucking like snakes. i can't do snakes or mice at all apparently. pet snakes are fine if just maybe very minutely unsettling still. but not wild snakes or mice. no fucking way. so i was like pacing around with a towel to capture the snake and talking to the cat, like "this is your only job solar, keeping creatures away! what do i even pay you for!" and just like stressed out, talking to the cat about the snake then i went into the other room or something and walked back a minute later and the snake was moved in a dead pile and solar was just looking up at me! it was twitching and starting to move though so i had to move fast and just swooped it up in a towel and threw it out! so, solar the cat manned up and did what i was too much of a bitch to. but he totally sensed my stress and handled it for me. what a good boy. **tl;dr,** *woke up to a snake in my bathroom, was freaking out until my cat killed it for me.*	1
tiktok girl responds (pt. 4) holy shit she actually responded! i said i liked her vids and that she was pretty and she said *"tysm :)"*. what do i do from here? my username on insta has my real name in it so i don't really know what to say next. [pt. 1](<url>) [pt. 2](<url>) [pt. 3](<url>)	3
dear guys, sometimes we just need a hug, sometimes we just need to be left alone, sometimes we need to talk, sometimes we need to cry, sometimes we need chocolate or food, sometimes we need to scream, and sometimes we will do really stupid things, but in the end, us girls are always thankful that you guys tolerate us and try to understand us	3
oof, i just got friendzoned by my crush today. haha sike! i don't have any friends	0
just had to write this. it's been a rough week. my boyfriend will probably see this, so hi babe anyway, i just want to put a little appreciation post here. i appreciate him so much, because he's honest, and he get me to think differently. we have so much in common, i enjoy talking to him every day. we are long distance, so we chat over the phone. which i look forward to every day. not only is he my boyfriend but my best friend. he knows me more than most people, and he's the most supportive person i have. i just needed to let this out after messaging him. i mean, he message me every morning, tell me to have a great day, wish me luck when i'm doing stuff. he's overall everything i could wish for. i got him by my side every day and i can't believe how lucky i am. i've dealt some terrible cards during my life, but after i met him, my life became easier, and my problems seemed less painful. he gave me a reason to smile and laugh. he always make me laugh, and i love it. i love him as my best friend and i adore him as my boyfriend. he's my cupcake (it's cheesy i know, but i love it).	3
i'm trying out something new and i finally got it! i've been trying to learn how to two color brioche knit (i'm a crafter ). and i've finally figured out how to do it! what's something going that was hard for you to do at first, but you eventually figured it out?	8
girls seriously no need to be self conscious about ur boobs or ur ass. all that i care about is if ur alive and u like me so yeah	0
confused state what will you do if you know the person your spouse is cheating on you with?	10
teachers conference took place yesterday and after it ended we got a leak of how the meeting went from one of the professors' daughter, my class is the last one in the whole grade	8
is saying you didn't get many upvotes when you posted the same thing before the secret ingredient to a popular post now? that'd be kinda cringe..	5
where's the european teens at? i need myself some hot european teens rn	2
hey! how you doing? wanna chat a bit?	19
i hate it when my parents let visitors stay in my room... i've just come back from university and guess what? my mum has offered up my very nice room to 2 sets of guests, overall 3 weeks total of this summer whilst i am gonna be told to sleep in the messy guest room... are you kidding we have a fucking guest room but a guest has never been in it. i'm slightly an introvert so my room is where i spend most of my time so it's fucking annoying that now i have to spend most of my summer without all my stuff easily accessible. also the one set of guests have 2 kids who are really young... they fucking break everything and wipe their snot on everything and i'm a hygiene freak and neat freak. fuck sake guys help me. i hate the idea that the kids are gonna make my stuff gross, mess my stuff it just feels so intrusive and annoying that stuff i worked for (like my desktop) i can just see the keyboard getting played with and stuff like that. also my mum treats it like it's no issue, she doesn't understand how annoying it is and shouted at me for getting slightly grumpy about it. how would you feel getting kicked out your room for 3 weeks in summer like.... cmon. you didn't ask me , you just told me i'm not going to have my room for 3 weeks ffs. fuck i'm annoyed	1
i really want a cheese burger right about now. why isn't there an insta food mater app yet? ugh	11
got locked out of the house gotta wait at east 2hr till my mom comes back, epic style	0
wait have i actually gotten skinner or am i crazy i can see the bones in my hand when i wiggle my fingers i've never seen that before	5
i feel like deleting my reddit account maybe i will see tmr? or maybe not	5
how i nailed two birds with one stone so a few months ago i saw a video on instagram of andy samberg making some guys sing "i want it that way" and i thought it'd be fun to watch the show. i was confident i knew what show it was so i went straight on down to netflix and searched "the office". i started watching it and my first thought was "this camera recording is so much worse than that instagram video". after i was 5 minutes in, i discovered it was the wrong show. a few days later, i found the actual show, brooklyn nine-nine and it was actually so funny and so good. one of those shows with obviously bad acting that's funny regardless. i watch all seasons in a week and then i had nothing else to watch on netflix. one day though, i was drawing and i needed background noise so i put on the office... wasn't background noise anymore. i got really into it... dangerously into it and i would watch it non-stop and it was non-stop laughter. (tl;dr i searched for the wrong show and it turned out to be right for me all along )	17
*laughs in chill parents* i've been seeing a bunch of posts about parents not respecting privacy. that sucks but also: my parents fucking buy me condoms suckas we really out here.	0
a few weeks ago i left for a school trip. it was an expensive trip and most kids didn't go. when i got back, i walked up to my friends as usual and my best friend comes up to me. 'you're back!' standard hello. nothing wrong. flash to half an hour later my best friend (friend 1): i'm glad you're back. my other friend (friend 2) [friend 1], i thought you said that you hated u/triiharrd friend 1: i'm moving and that was the last week i was there. all my friends had been acting annoyed with me recently and a lot arent' talking to me. fml	5
i'm bringing back the classic r/teenagers catchphrase after saying something dumb later virgins	0
my boyfriend forgot to kiss me at midnight on nye last night my boyfriend and i spent new years with a group of friends at a friends house. when it came time for the nye ball drop we all stood around the tv screaming the countdown. when the countdown finished we all screamed happy new years and our friends who are dating kissed right next to us but my boyfriend just looked at me for a moment then looked away and went on to ignore me. it took him about 5 minutes to realize he'd forgotten and he only realized what he did when i ran out of the room. his reaction was to tell me that i should have reminded him to kiss me and that nye midnight kisses aren't any more special than any other kiss. i'm not really sure what to do or what this means or if i should even be upset about this but i'm quite sad and i can't even bring myself to look at him still. if anyone has experienced this before or has any advice on what to do or what this means that would be amazing	3
novels with the sharpest dialogue just tore through the friends of eddie coyle by george higgins - whoa. everything you've heard about the dialogue being sharp and fresh is true, even 50 years after publication. having spent time in boston (not involved in crime 🏼) it rang so true to the culture that powers the city. junot diaz and pg wodehouse are two others i think do this incredibly well. what other novels capture a time, place, and culture through how characters?	18
i did a computer thing! feel like a genius this is pretty dull so i'll keep it very brief. poor technically challenged little me is going away on holiday tomorrow and as i'll be on the plane on my own i wanted to have something to watch on my tablet. i sent a whole bunch of stuff i'd downloaded from my laptop to my tablet but then none of it would play. an embarrassing amount of google searches and a bottle of wine later and i have used vlc to convert the files to mp4 so they'll play on my tablet and transferred them over. i told you it was dull but fuck me am i proud of myself! in the interests of full disclosure it hasn't been a 100% success story, some of the stuff is not transferring. but.. i don't mind. i still count this as a success! yay me! i deserve more wine!	1
ask a scientist!! (anything) hey guys! i'm new to this sub. first of all, it really feels like home to talk about literally all kinds of stuff here and everyone's so open & friendly to each other. which is why i decided to start a post introducing a new member (myself) and see what you guys would like to know about me or anything else. my names is james and i'm an entomologist from southeast university, china. like everyone else, i browse youtube all day off work & do all the silly things everyone else does. professional speaking, my work is focused around order mantodea (praying mantises) taxonomy. it's fun most of time but sometimes it still occurs to me that i wanna quit and get a normal life far away from science. i have a passion for the states since i was a kid and wanting to move there all my life. i could sing pretty good and my hobbies include writing novels, photography, cooking & painting. so, ask me anything!! i'd love to make a bunch of friends no matter how old are you or who you are. to me, every single one of you is special :)	3
my(19m) girlfriends(19f) nan has been diagnosed with dementia, how do i help? my girlfriend has just told me her nan has been diagnosed with dementia. her nan is 76 years old, and was the one who raised my girlfriend until she was 12, and they've remained extremely close because of this. they'll phone each other pretty much every day, and my girlfriend will go visit her every other day too, and she sees her nan as her true mother. she's absolutely devastated by this news, as am i as her nan is lovely and a truly great person and means a lot to my girlfriend, and i am thankful for her nan for raising such a brilliant girl. another thing to know is that memories mean a lot to my girlfriend, she doesn't like change and she doesn't like getting rid of things that she has an emotional attachment to. she's not too knowledgeable about dementia, but i know a bit about it and know that her nan will start to forget things, and eventually might even forget about my girlfriend, which will absolutely ruin her. so, my question is what do i do to help my girlfriend? this woman is her world, and my girlfriend loves her to pieces, as do i. any help or advice from people who have dealt with family members or friends suffering from dementia will be extremely appreciated, as i really don't know what i can do to help her . tl;dr: my girlfriends nan has been diagnosed with dementia, her nan was the one who raised her, how do i help?	3
mr megabigoof has crush on me u jelly	17
i [21 m] like my coworker [22 f] and we went on one successful date but something went wrong after that and she's not interested anymore. how would i get over her? so about a month back, my coworker started talking to me out of nowhere and what the greatest thing was that i actually thought she was cute and never had the balls to start talking to her so she starting to talk to me felt great. we talked that day for whatever time we had and the next day, i asked if she'd be down to hang out over the week and she said yes. i texted her the next day but she didn't reply for days and i thought she just said yes for the sake of saying yes and she's not into actually hanging out. she finally replied and we both agreed on a time and date, and we went out. the first date was successful i guess because at the end of it, she said we should hang out again. the next day she was sick and didn't come to work, i texted her if she's feeling ok and then we talked for a while. in the evening, she asked me if i wanna chill today and i said i can't because it's pretty busy in the store and boss won't let me go. a week later i asked her if she wants to chill today and she said yes, then about two hours before the date, i said we should get something to eat and go to the park and eat there and then walk and explore that area (in the first date, she said she loved going to parks and exploring it) she replied i don't like eating outside, i prefer inside and i said it's ok, we can eat in my car, then she replied with " " and i guess that turned her off because right as i was about to go pick her up, she said "i'm actually going to the gym now with my brother, next time?" and ofcourse i felt soooo sad, especially cancelling last minute, i told her sure. then some time later, i asked her if she's down to chill on thursday, she said i'm busy that day, then i said wednesday? she said i'm also busy that day. then i was like maybe i turned her off with the car shit and she's clearly not interested anymore and is trying to avoid me so i should stop even thinking of her. then about two weeks later we were talking in the store and she asked me if i wanna smoke weed with her, i was like sure but i don't have any, if you got it now, it'll be on me next time and she said great, i gotta ask my dealer first. then i said do you wanna go to the beach and smoke in my car over there? she was like sure. when i got home, unfortunately there was an emergency at home and i texted her sorry i can't do it today, gotta go to the hospital and she replied with "it's ok, i don't even think the plans for today would've worked" and i said it's ok, we can do it some other day this week and she hasn't replied since (it's been about three weeks). the thing is that she's just so attractive to me, i keep on want to keep looking at her at work but i wanna get over her, like i don't even wanna think of her, how would i do that? tl;dr i like my coworker and we went on one date but something went wrong and she's not interested anymore. how would i get over her?	9
what are some good compliments to give to girls? in like 2 weeks im going on a date (later virgins ) and i wanna compliment her. she is the most beautiful, hottest, smartest and funny girl in rhe world and i need to let her know. what are some good compliments?	0
anthem - looking for saltless freelancers! (ps4) hello friends! i wanted to see if there were any happy anthem players here looking to hook up with other like minded happy anthem players :) if you are looking for a more relaxed, salt free experience check out "saltless outcasts" in the playstation communities. just looking for anyone that loves anthem and is looking for a fun time!	18
male (22) need some advice so, i was looking through my yearbooks and came across a note left by my crush in my 8th grade yearbook. it said, "dear wonderlandrabbit4, i know you like .... and that's okay. ily! - .... ur bffle". now i've had a crush on her since forever. in high school we were in the same health class together and it always seemed like she never really wanted to talk to me. so, i just thought she hated me or something. we even went to the same community college, i remember a time where i asked her what 4 year college she was planning to attend and she said the same university i was going too. i remember telling her that she missed the deadline then. fast forward to now, she has a boyfriend and i find myself thinking about her sometimes. i feel like all of these is just me grasping for straws to tell her how i feel. every time i read the note, i keep reading ily as i like you. and if so, would she still have the same feelings for me after 8 years. i need some advice. tl;dr	3
i bullied a fat kid into giving me his tennis racket some background information before you go to the comments to murder me for that. (also be prepared, this story is extra phat) so the fat kid in question: he's in my school year, and has been for four years now. in our first year when i was a massive loser we were friends, but i never liked him. i always found him annoying, and his worst trait: pathological lying. he once set up a 'vr experience' for our high school fair, advertised it with pictures of oculus rifts, but when you went in (after the non refundable deposit, of course) it was a google cardboard, and you had to provide your own phone. if it didn't fit, too bad. he puts the 'fun' in 'no refunds'. he also set up an amazon account pretending to be a testing company to get free products. what i'm trying to say is this guy is an asshole. complete wanker. but this is all in the past, so i put it behind me for this year. he's probably changed, right? so my tennis racqet went missing about a month ago, and i've been forced to use a spare which isn't my size. fine, i'm pretty stupid and i probably lost it like i do almost everything else (once i lost 3 coats in 1 week ). so i'm chatting with my friend in the lockers when i see fat kid. he already changed for games and is holding his racqet. neon orange/almost red, white, gold and black hexagons on the inside and a scuffed top and handle. huh... that almost looks like my racqet. me: 'hey (fat kid), can i see that racqet for a second?' fat kid: 'no.' *storms off out the room very quickly* and by this point it was set in my mind; this was my racqet. so i follow him into the room and repeat myself. fat kid: 'can you just leave me alone' now this was unusual. we had been getting along alright up until then, not like we were friends, but i tolerated him and he tolerated me. but this was different, he was instantly shutting me down, not even trying to explain himself. by this point, he knew i knew. me: 'can i just see the racqet. i lost one just like it a few weeks ago, and i just wanted to make sure you didn't accidentally pick up mine.' i thought i was being perfectly reasonable here, i was giving him a chance to back out of this with his dignity intact. and i honestly expected him to just give it to me then. i would. but shock horror, he didn't, and repeated himself again: 'can you please just leave me alone.' i was slightly taken aback, and sort of walked away like i had given up. instead, i walked round the corner to the other tennis people and overheard a section of conversation. 'did you hear? fat kid called (black kid) the n-word' perfect. everyone knew it, fat kid was denying it. no surprises there. so i walk up to them, and say: 'hey guys, fat kid stole my tennis racqet, wanna help get it back.' so the now four of us walk round the corner. they start getting mad at him for the n-word incident, then, when there's a pause, i say: 'also, could i get my tennis racqet back?' and the chat explodes. he starts getting all defensive, and gets up on a bench to say 'you can't prove that this isn't mine!' me: 'yeah? so when did you get it?' fat kid: 'well, i don't know... i think i was four?' (oddly specific for someone to remember that from when they were four but okay) me: 'really? cus i bought that tennis racquet when i was seven, and had just moved into the house because there were tennis courts down the road. i bought it from the corner store on the same road as me, and i have the case in my locker.' fat kid tries to get away. so he's decided that the best course of action is to try to get away from me to stop this. he walks towards the door where one person who knew fat kid stole it was blocking the exit. me: 'hey fat kid, could i get a look at that racquet please? could you give my racquet back please? he's now back against a wall with my friend holding the door shut for me. fat kid: 'could you please just leave alone?' he continues to walk away, when i get a former friend of fat kid's, and tell him about the theft. we start to follow him towards tennis, just repeating 'can we get the racquet back? can you give itsareference123's racquet back fat kid'. by this point we're pretty close to the tennis courts, and are showing no signs of stopping. we are speaking quite loudly, and there are teachers nearby, so he says: 'fine. you can borrow it for this one lesson, if you're really that desperate.' he begrudgingly hands over the racquet, and avoids me for the rest of the day. tldr: fat kid steals my tennis racquet and i, along with a couple others, pressured him into giving it back. did i handle this situation maturely? i feel like he's quite lucky he stole from me, because if it was most other boys they would have ratted him out within a minute.	18
what is the earliest memory you remember ?? my first memory i ever had the pleasure to form and was unable to expel, was too young. we left my first home at the age of 4 so this memory would have to have been formed between the age 3-4 we moved in when i was two and out by four also i don't think my 2 year old mind was capable of capturing a moment in my brain for the rest of my life.. but anyways. my first memory.. i walked into the kitchen at the call of my name. i was handed a heavy for its size bottle. (a baby bottle) this is why i tell no one about this memory. who remembers being handed a baby bottle? but to be more exact. it was a clear glass baby bottle with a red plastic screw on top. you know like the part that held the nipple in.. that was red. and it had a red pattern painted all the way around. i remember drinking the milk and it was extremely sweet. it was evaporated milk with sugar added. the carpet was green shag lol. and the walls white. that's my earliest memory. also my mother didn't believe me. so she quizzed me by asking what my first dolls name was i told her coco and i was right. she also asked the colour of the carpet and i told her green which was also correct. so she believes me sort of. lol. someone please tell me they remember being younger then they should remember. tell me your story plz don't judge. hahaha	1
i need advice from male teens: this is not meant to be as creepy as it sounds, hear me out. so my(29f) son (14) tried changing some account info around on the main xbox account (he's sort of taken over his dads). in doing so, he supposedly fubar'd the thing, locked everyone out, and naturally, his dad's (my husband) head exploded. total life ending moment for us all, blah blah blah. so! i fixed it (which was surprisingly easy considering the initial reaction) and all is well. funny story: i couldn't get a straight answer on if there was a virus in the system, or if he messed it up by accident... so i did what i thought was the first logical step: got his sign in info, said i'd handle it, then looked at... his browsing history (*i'm usually not this naive, but it's my kid who mostly plays roblox and minecraft i mean.... come on*) i'm thinking "great, this kid is clicking on stupid ads for games" it was not ads for games. so there's just search after search after search of.... just... oh my god there's so much pr0n. so. much. and this poor kid (according to the time stamps.... yeah, i guess i'm that mom now) is watching this stuff, but constantly going back and forth between that and roblox. i'm assuming he's either switching when he thinks he hears parents pulling into the driveway, or when we knock to come in? okay, not the point. the point! how... do i handle this? -do- i handle this? do i bring it up? do i say anything, or do we both exist awkwardly in the same house till he moves out one day? honestly, all i want to do is secretly block all the sites o n l y because it'd freak him out that he suddenly can't watch them anymore, and then he'd know that i know, but that's just me being a d!ck. another fact that might make a difference: i've been his mom since we entered eachothers lives almost 8 years ago. he's never known his birth mother, so i'm his mom, but technically his stepmom, so i'm not as "oh my god, my poor baby is soiling his delicate,innocent brain with demonic pleasures!" as i'm sure i probably should be (or not? idk), but i'm around mostly guys at work, i've always been more of a "tomboy" and i 100% joke about this shit, with no problem. it just doesn't bother me. i keep going off topic: do i talk to him about it or let it go? i guess what i'm really asking is, if your mom was your definition of "cool" (or whatever the up to date slang term is for that now, i can't keep up), how would she act? tl;dr: how would you want your (hypothetical or in reality) cool mom to handle finding out that you watch pr0n? also, please help. i'm new to this stage of life, n e v e r thought i'd be here, am unprepared and really need advice. i'm not trying to be creepy and i genuinely want to do this right and not freak the boy out. okthanksbye	13
when the latest post is 5 minutes old people, just post something.	11
let's talk about youtubers who are your favorites? mine are mkbhd, cold fusion, blimey cow, h3h3productions and tmartn. at least that's all i can think of right now.	1
is this flirting ? my 25f bf 30m sends heart emojis to female coworker. my bf has a female coworker he will randomly text throughout the day. he'll remember to take photos of things she likes and sends it to her. he'll send her memes i send him to her. he'll give her weed if she needs it. one time i'll see him send her heart emojis and say 'i you' because they're friends. although he'll text her first in the day with emojis to initiate conversation and its weird because he does the exact same thing to me. i understand having female friends is healthy and natural but the thing is this guy will openly tell me he prefers to only have me as his close friend and doesn't talk closely with anyone unless he has too. what i find even more discomforting is the way he talks to her is exactly how he talks to me always reassuring and very sweet. honestly at this point i'm thinking he's starved for attention from this girl and i feel as if he's stringing her along as well. i'm not really at all fired up but what i don't understand is that he'll say i'm the only girl he likes to hang with and talk to but then talks to this girl almost everyday. do men who are in relationships do this all the time, should i leave while i still have the chance? tldr: bf sends heart emojis to female coworker. he says he only likes talking and hanging it with me but i later found out he's texting this girl regularly and almost daily. is this beyond friendship and more flirting?	3
should i do a face reveal? or maybe a finger reveal	5
i turned 25 today! it's my birthday today. i woke up at 6am to my 3 year old demanding breakfast and my husband too hungover to get up with him so i could have the birthday lie in i had been promised, so i got up and made us some toast. then i cleaned the house top to bottom whilst kiddo played with his toys in his room. while i was cleaning i found the birthday card husband had bought for me from the little one that was still in the plastic so i sent my son into my room with the card and a pen to wake up daddy to write it for him. at this point it's nearly 10am. husband gets up, i open my card and then we somehow spend nearly 2 hours waiting to get a start on the day. we went to see my mil and sil for an hour or so who had both forgotten it was my birthday and didn't mention it until my sil saw it on facebook whilst we were in her house. we finished up our visit and headed home. we were supposed to be going to an open day at a local farm on the way back but my son had a tantrum and decided he didn't want to see the cows after all. by this point i was so exhausted from running around after my son, being 8 months pregnant and just having a generally shitty day that i went and had a nap for a couple of hours. my parents didn't even call to wish me a happy birthday because they thought i would be too busy celebrating with my friends and family down here. this evening i had pasta and cheese for dinner because somehow we didn't get to the shop in time before it closed and it's all we had in the cupboard. all in all the highlight of turning 25 has been cuddling my son at bedtime (which took an hour and a half instead of the usual 15 minutes), and realising that my car insurance premium is gonna drop when i next renew it. this is probably not the right subreddit for this sort of thing but i'm feeling lonely and lamenting my life choices - who doesn't love a bit of self pity every once in a while?!	1
after a massive friend fallout, i decided that i don't want to deal with the toxicity of people who think they're better than everyone else. does this make me just as bad as them though? [friendship - females in our 20s] this is a very long post, my apologies. i just have a lot of feelings about this whole situation, and don't really have more than one person to talk to about it anymore (said person is my boyfriend, so obviously he's biased). it doesn't make quite the same sense without all the story here, but i do understand that it's hella long and y'all have other things to do than read about my drama, so major points below have been bolded. **tldr (yes, this** ***is*** **the short version, haha.):** ***all*** **of my friends ditched me because they feel like my boyfriend shouldn't have been nice to me while he was dating someone else. he was seriously just being a good friend, but they don't understand that, and instead of being willing to hear me out (i've spent a lot of time sorting out the ways that i failed to make things clearer as they were happening, things i need to apologize for, etc, they just don't want to hear it), they've just decided that he's a bad person and a cheater, because they "would never do something like that" (???) now we've got your standard social media one-upping and obvious superiority complexes, which is dumb as all hell, and i've decided that - for the sake of my mental health and wellbeing - i'm done dealing with them, and people like them. being the queen of moral dilemmas that i am though, i'm worried that by thinking they're being immature and unkind, i'm being super hypocritical, and that maybe i'm just as bad. how do i be better, and less toxic than these friends who hurt me?** to make the backstory here as brief as possible, this is somewhat of a follow-up / update to an older post of mine: [how do i handle my\[23f\] bf\[24m\]'s ex \[23?f\] talking shit about him to our friends?](<url>) (guess how that one turned out? ) basically, **my closest friends all left, because they believed that my boyfriend had cheated on his ex with me.** the case was honestly just that we had become close friends over the fact that we were willing to be there for each other - i was in a really bad place mental-health-wise but my friends had gotten flaky af, and his long-term relationship was imploding due to his gf suddenly getting super volatile and unkind. beyond deep chats here and there, we'd mostly just hang out and play video games occasionally. we did go out adventuring in parks and trails sometimes (i have sad, and regularly neglect to get outside and get sunshine like i need to - he was just looking out for my mental health, plus he knows i love being out in nature but my other friends would rather go to the movies or the mall). sometimes we'd grab dinner together after work (like chipotle or panera - nothing sit-down that could be misconstrued as a date tbh), or pick up a grocery store pizza to make, and sometimes he'd bring me coffee because the place was on his way over. **no flirting, over-physicality (outside of the fact that he actually does hugs, which the rest of my friends hated), or any kind of cheating at all.** i knew his girlfriend was sketched out about me, so i actively did everything i could to make sure she - and everyone else - knew that we were just friends. he still always put his girlfriend first, sometimes cancelling plans with me or cutting them short just to drive her somewhere or otherwise be there for her. he also helped her out a ton financially. my other friends are obviously different, but it's totally a thing to have different types of friends, right? the ex-squad was very activity-centric - we'd go to the movies, or the mall, or have parties, or take trips together, etc. they've never been super feelsy, and as much as i'm okay with that, and have genuinely never held it against them, i also needed a friend who was there when i needed to talk, or to just hang out on the couch and play kirby for hours, you know? (i have a feeling they just thought it was sketchy because he's a guy, but like.... come on, it's 2019, can we please be done with this garbage?) i'm rambling, but long story short: **he was (and still is!) a really good and kind friend to me, and my other friends were definitely upset that they weren't my only friends, and that i was getting something from my friendship with him that they couldn't give me.** i texted the three of them separately, to ask what was up, since they'd all been refusing to talk about him at all, and were also doing this super sketchy thing where they'd ignore all my social media posts that involved him, and *liked everything his ex posted* despite hearing about how she had been rude as hell to me - their friend, supposedly - for almost eight months. and that's when it all blew up. one friend was actually honest with me, which i appreciate so much, but i know she's going to side with the other friends bc they're pushy about making people like them and take their side. the other two were insistent that he's a bad person, and they "don't understand why i would even want to hang out with him at all." (this is hypocritical af - one of these friends talks to him pretty regularly, and grabs coffee with him sometimes, but i digress.) i got a lot of "i would never to that to my boyfriend, so i don't trust him." (reminder that "that" here is literally just "being friends with other people of the opposite gender") and general "stop trying to change my mind" statements. i countered one of these with "if i said the same thing about your boyfriend, you'd defend him too, because you care about him and know he's not like that. that's all i'm trying to do here." ...haven't heard from that friend at all since that exchange. -\\_(tsu)\_/- the other one straight-up told me that she's never felt like it's a priority to be honest with me, but prefers to just tell me what she thinks i want to hear so that she doesn't have to have hard conversations - she said outright that she wasn't going to apologize for this. both have refused to respond to me about talking it out in person (they both suggested it, i offered times, etc, they never responded.) i had talked to a few other friends, and sorted out a lot about places in the story where the whole squad was missing important information, things that it would be helpful to clear up about the situation and how i know for a fact he wasn't cheating (and that the accusation by his ex was just a ploy for attention / to ruin his reputation), things i didn't realize they wouldn't understand, etc, but nobody wants to hear about it - they've decided they're going to hate him (and me, by extension, for dating him), and they're not moving. i guess i'm glad i found out everyone's true colors, it just sucks to not have any close friends anymore really, you know? anyways, i've kinda just been living my life since then tbh. i know the truth about the situation, and honestly, they're being shitty friends, so i'm not exactly losing sleep over it. **said friends (aside from the one who was honest) are now doing that extra-dumb highschool drama garbage where every time my bf and i show up in a photo together on social media, they will** ***damn near immediately*** **also post a photo with their boyfriends with a caption about how great they are, etc. etc. it's very "we're better" and it's obnoxious. but people are eating it up.** before this, they were never the type for that sort of thing. it's very obvious that they started doing this as a result of this blowup. two things have become clear about these friends (and my bf's ex) from this fallout: 1. they know that people pay attention to them when they're upset, so they take every opportunity they can to get upset about *something,* instead of actually being willing to be open-minded and work with others to resolve anything. 2. **they think they're better than us (and everyone else), because they do things differently / have different perspectives / etc.** this has been obvious for awhile, but in regards to other people we're not friends with. tbh, i never foresaw it happening to me. as much as i've spent the past month or so telling myself that i seriously just don't need attitudes like that in my life, and that they're flat-out dangerous to my emotional and mental wellbeing (obviously there's some anger in this too, which i hate, but what can i do?), **i feel like i'm just turning around and doing the same thing to them.** like i do hope they're okay and happy and that someone else is caring for them as much as i always did, but i still feel like i'm some little brat kid out here just stomping around like "i'm better than them, because they think they're better than everyone else." having seen firsthand how toxic this is and how much it's hurt over the years to be friends with people with a superiority complex like this, **i really don't want to be just as bad, you know?** **question time:** * **am i really being a hypocrite here?** i know this sounds very "take my side and validate meeee!", but also, i am very aware that i've always put more blame on myself than necessary. i have a hard time acknowledging whether or not i'm actually being a bad person, and my bf is obviously going to be biased, so i wanted to run this by someone to get a genuine perspective. * **is there a way that i can be more mature and responsible about this?** i feel like i'm just being mean. (i've definitely called their behavior immature more than once now, plus i maaaaay have been more than a little bit pleased when one of these friends went to a sports game where her team lost to our home team.) like i can feel myself getting catty, and i hate it. i know it's a defense mechanism, and that in some way, it's helping me move on and get back on my feet, because they did treat me like shit here, and they aren't being good friends. it just feels... *bad*. there's gotta be a healthier, kinder way to do this, right? i'm not about to repair these friendships, because it's not worth it to go back on my stance (which is literally just that my boyfriend is a good person) just to regain some low-quality, dishonest friendships, so idk. thank you so much for listening to me rant, i really appreciate it. any advice would be greatly, greatly appreciated here. i'm feeling a little bit lost.	12
something funny to watch <url>	6
i made too much bechamel. i was making mac and cheese, and i ended up with too much sauce. also, it's grainy, because i'm a mediocre cook. any ideas for what i can do with the rest of it? besides eating it all *now*, like a cheese-crazed fool........	9
i'm fuh king whore knee please put me out of my misery	15
jerking off saved my life so i've been having a shit year, and for the last few months have been getting more and more depressed. i keep thinking about how i'd be done with all this bullshit if i was dead, and i was planning on just going for it tonight. i was going to say goodbye to someone, and i saw a horny text from a while ago and decided to uhhh go for one last nut. so i did, and then right after i got that yeet of dopamine and post nut clarity was like "bro just be grateful with what you got" and i was like oh shit, i should be grateful with what i have. anyway long story short if you're suicidal, crank one out first	18
someone needed my help a girl at work needed me today. she had just found out her dad committed suicide. she was beside herself. apparently, he waited until everyone went to work and school then shot himself in the head. just like my dad three years ago. i comforted her the best i could, then insisted she go home. after she left, my stomach was in knots. as the day went on i got sicker and sicker until i basically ran out of there because i was crying to hard i couldnt see. as i said, its been three years. when does it get better?	14
taylor swift is now 25% more appealing not gonna lie wasnt overally pro taylor swift, but after she made republicans across america cry by doing exactly what they love kanye for (just not supporting them), i think i love that bitch lmao.	1
guess what guess what guess what i'm finna go take a shower ~~i've been up for almost 5 hours and i still haven't showered~~	5
if i had 10c for every time i fell over today, i would only have 20c but it's weird it happened twice it hurt	2
i was excited about my adidas originals stan smiths six months ago... they fell apart at the soles this thursday. they were a plain white pair of sneakers i was pairing with plain white shirts. i had gotten many plain white shirts, khakis and green pants to pair with it. i can no longer create a unique look i was so happy i got these at a 30% discount from adidas. it's sad. i'm thinking of giving up on casual sneakers altogether now and only using black and brown lace-up leather shoes. i hope you haven't had such a disturbing/soul-shattering experience with casual sneakers.	7
nobody's replied to me in 5 minutes im running out of steam ok wait maybe i am actually tired ........ umm	10
i think i've met the one, i can really see a future with her	3
my boyfriend broke up with me but... i'm honestly not that sad about it? i've posted about this before, but it's day 2 now and i honestly don't feel that sad. i've been distracting myself and have been talking to my friends, and i honestly don't feel that upset. but apparently he broke up with me because of an accumulation of problems which he doesn't want to tell me about... but oh well. anyway, i just thought i'd update you guys. i hope things get better and other guys will actually like me	19
no one loves me but that's ok because i love myself! and i know someone will appreciate me for who i am someday!	6
the most memorable part of my freshman year in high school was losing all my friends. at least i don't have anyone to disappoint anymore	12
ive fallen for a lie you were never on my side	4
forgetting to plug my sump pump back in actually happened this weekend/today. background: my sump pump had been frequently malfunctioning due to a float issue which kept the pump running continuously after the water had drained. we were trying to figure out if we should just replace the float or just replace the pump itself, but in the interim we would just unplug the unit for a little while to reset it and then plug it back in to drain the reservoir. very annoying and the last thing i needed to be worried about. on friday, i had been doing a massive amount of organizing and purging in my house and was pretty focused on my list of things to do when the pump started running non-stop again. so i ran downstairs, unplugged the unit and went about my day. my kids even camped in the basement 2 nights in a row with no noticeable issues. well, we had some pretty nasty storms roll through today. my husband had just bought a float replacement on friday and decided to go replace it today (monday). he came back upstairs livid and near tears. he asked if i had unplugged the pump which sent me into an anxiety riddled panic attack. our finished basement is now a huge sopping puddle and i have never been so upset with myself. my poor husband is working his butt off trying to clean it all up and is rightfully mad at me. i would help, but i wouldn't even know how to help. definitely the worst day of the year. tldr; i forgot to plug my sump pump back in and flooded my basement.	14
bad posture the title says it all really, i've got bad posture and i really hate i'm but nothing seems to be helping with it. i'm 16 and want to get into relationships but feel as though my bad posture really makes me look bad, i'm also small which makes it worse. does anybody have anything that could help me, as i feel it's more common for people to get posture nowadays and maybe some of you know some things that could help me, i would really appreciate it	6
my "friends" won't contribute to help my sick little boy travel to specialist recently i've tried to crowd fund out of desperation. i'm trying to raise a bit of money to travel to take my boy to one of the two specialists in our country for the rare disease he has. not a single person on my friends list has donated to his campaign. i would donate to any one of their kids in a heartbeat if they were sick. i am so beyond hurt and am just floored at how incredibly selfish people are. healthy, wealthy people who have more than what they need, and apparently cannot contribute a mere $5 or $20? they all know that i am very ill as well and that finances are tight. my heart is broken that i will have to tell my son we won't be going to see the doctor and that he won't be getting medicine. my heart is broken that people i've known for decades think so little of my son's life - of a child's life.	4
how many people here have adhd i have adhd lol!!	2
life is never guaranteed and it can be gone in a blink of an eye. first time experiencing a death of a close one. one of my really good friend passed away yesterday. he just never woke up from his sleep. he was 23. i just wanted to take a minute and tell you guys some of the great memories i have of him. we work in a restaurant and he was a busser and i would always tell him how much he has improved and he was talking about how he didn't want to start serving because he felt like other people needed the tip money more then him and he didn't want to take that away since he's so privileged and i was like if you deserved it then you're not taking away anything. he was so fucking sweet and i'm so glad i got to know him. i'm glad i encourages him to do his best at work and was always telling him good job and he would have the biggest smile on his face we both loved sweets so much. i would always give him some candy and sneak him bite of ice cream as well. one time i came into work really upset and he offered me his last bite of cookie. the last time i saw him was friday and i was bartending so he went back there to eat with him and i gave him a beer and when i was leaving for a party, he told me how good i looked in my outfit and i gave him a hug bye. not knowing that was the last time i was ever going to see him. he truly was the sweetest guy and so kind and genuine. work will never be the same without him and i just don't know how to move on from this grief. i just went through a break up as well and now this. and i just feel like an emotional mess. although that breakup means nothing now that i lost my friend	14
i have my first driving lesson today. what should i expect? (repost because it was too short) title says it all really. i've driven quite a few times in parking lots, but i've only driven in neighborhoods/side streets 3 times. i haven't met my driving instructor yet, but when i spoke to him on the phone briefly, he seemed kind so i'm not too worried about that anymore . what advice to you guys have to calm my nerves a little bit?	9
i hate taking showers even though i love being clean. if there was a way to get clean that didn't involve getting wet, i would do it every day. i just feel like it's a lot of time and effort to take a shower. i'm a girl with long-ish hair, so it takes forever to fully rinse out soap and once i'm out i cant get dressed until my hair is dry or else i'll get my clothes wet, so i either have to blow dry it which can take 15 to 20 minutes on it's own or keep it wrapped all day but then it won't be fully dry when i go to sleep (and it also just doesn't look as good). it doesn't help that i'm a level 99 lazy person	15
it's 7 am right now and i am feeling regret for existing that's very fun and cool filler filler filler filler filler filler	12
i think i'd make a pretty alright housewife now i just gotta last long enough with this person to move in with them	13
so, i'm a 21 year old male. i have a full time job, friends, and a supportive family. i feel like i'm missing a piece in my life. i have all the reasons to feel happy, but everywhere i look i see my friends with someone that makes them happy. i guess jealousy may be an appropriate word for that? point is, saying all this i don't go out of my way to talk to anyone. what is wrong with me?	11
stop using . i don't speak bottom. top gang where you at?	13
i cry every night before bed. i miss him so much. why did you go, tito :( why did you take the pan-slavic dream with you	2
what can you guess about this person?? they sleep at 2 or 3 in morning they wake up at sometimes 2 or 3 in afternoon they skip doing school for like a week they listen to "teenage dirtbag by wheatus" on repeat as well as creep by radiohead and occasionally secret love song - little mix on repeat. they eat like once sometimes 2 a day and does their makeup even when they never go out. alright yall what can you guess about this person hmm ????	10
seeing tourists too my city makes me happy and proud i just love standing in line at a local coffee shop or pharmacy and hearing some people remark about the rain or the coffee shop or getting a souvenir or a sweatshirt or visiting a famous bookstore later that day. it just warms my cold dead heart!	3
i might be crying but i'm still making my goodnight post goodnight guys! see you tomorrow	0
good luck to all the ap bois scores are starting to role out. good luck to everyone who took an ap exam. the dates that each state gets their score posted is on college board or you could be a cool kid and see you got a five a few days early with a vpn	0
kinda upset my high school doesn't offer many classes i find interesting. only class i actually want to take is honors biology. if only there was botany . oh well lol	2
to all the people who don't have a girlfriend.... i don't have one either	4
i woke up at 5am to the sound of my cat throwing up right next to my head. how's your day going? never in my life have i woken up and jumped out of bed as fast as i did in my effort to get the cat off the bed and on to the floor. spoiler alert: i didn't make it.	12
because i wanted to record a tree getting cut down so yesterday (friday) i'm at work, and our maintenance guys are cutting a large eucalyptus tree down. because the tree is so large they're cutting it in sections using a boom lift, and i was out there with my phone recording most of it from a safe distance, but still close enough to feel the ground rumble when the parts cut hit the ground. when they got down to the final section of the tree, i decided to get close to the base to record the final section being cut. so i take a position behind the steel basket of the boom lift (to steady my phone) and hit record. about 4 minutes into the recording the tree finally goes down, and the next thing i know i'm on the ground about 10 feet away with the wind knocked out of me. turns out when the tree landed the fucker rolled and a large branch whipped around and hit the basket i was standing behind. the basket has a huge dent where the branch landed, taking the brunt of the hit. the steel basket hit me in the lower ribs, fracturing some, and slightly rupturing my spleen in the hit. left arm and left side of my forehead got a lump and some scratches as well. thankfully i don't need surgery to fix the spleen, but i'm stuck in icu until tomorrow and then to a regular room for 2 more days for observation. my phone survived the hit and the recording even caught the branch i never saw coming. as soon as i get on wi-fi i'll post the video. if i want standings behind the steel boom lift basket i'd probably be dead, and if not dead, then seriously wishing i was :( <url> the steel basket with the new dent <url> the motherfucker that tried to take me out tl;dr: tried to film tree getting cut down, tree fought back and tried to kill me. edit: caught some kind of low grade fever, had to get an iv stuck back in my arm, ct scanned to make sure i don't have some kind of infection from my spleen (i don't thankfully). hopefully in 3-4 hours i can get the video posted edit 2: made it home last night, but the walking, talking, and breathing were kicking my ass. but as promised, here's the video: <url> as of this edit it still has some post-processing to do on youtube for another 7 minutes. anyways, tree falls at the 4:15 mark. the first 4 minutes are rather boring, but also gives more indication of how stupidly close i was - right off the bat i'm getting hit with sawdust. if you have headphones on or crank the volume you can actually hear me stumbling around trying to figure out wtf just happened haha	18
does anyone notice that the male snoo is gone the male snoo in the r teenagers pfp and banner is gone	10
i consider most of my colleagues my friends. outside of work, my social activity is fairly low. what are your thoughts? i work at a small company with about a dozen colleagues, some of whom were my friend even before working together. outside of that i have at most a dozen real friends. i have drinks often with my colleagues, and see my other friends maybe 10 times a year. do any other people have this? what are your social society views on such a ratio? i'm curious!	6
my stomach shrank and im really confused??? let me tell you, i love eating. my favourite thing to do. i have a decently fast metabolism but i would eat like 4-5 peaches a day just as a snack. i get up today, which was like 38 degrees ( aussie bitches in the spring wya ) i have two chicken rolls at my friends house, which had been like the first meal i had eaten that day at roughly 3 pm. i go home, don't feel full at all, and get ready for a dinner i had with my friends. i get to the restaurant and start eating the pizza. i start to feel full after my first slice, which is weird bc usually i eat like 5 slices. i keep eating. i finish my second, drink like 2 cups of water, and take a bite of my third. i can feel vomit coming out of me. i rush to the bathroom, but i don't vomit. i wait in there for like 10 minutes while my friends periodically check on me. i had never felt so full in my life. i get out and im feeling better, so i just don't eat anything else. its now 2:30 am and i go to get ice cream because its 27 degrees at night and i have three spoonfuls before i feel completely full. tf is wrong with me?? am i literally dying??? i love eating sm bruh is my stomach literally shrinking or do i always have food in there??	11
anyone else just messed up from middle school politics ? like you had to act that watching cartoons, playing video games, playing outside, and owning toys was "childish" even though you all probably still participated in that. i used to watch my little pony cartoon when i was in 6th grade because 1) i was a little girl 2) grew up with them, so imagine how it impacted me when kids made fun of that because only "creepy" people liked it. bitch i was a child. now because of instances like that i have problems telling people about my interests. thank you middle school classmates	12
ok i just started stretching i was supposed to an hour ago but go lazy and fuck i'm tight as shit goooddd i have to do so much shit tmr too and i got probably 40 min left of stretching and then i gotta wake up at 5 and run three miles oml	15
had a great day how was yours? tried to get my license failed the test wasint bummed at all i can just try again some other time went to hang out with friends planned paintball how was yours?	1
im lonely that feeling when you finally understand that you're regressing back to your interests from when you were fourteen because you feel lonely and depressed and like you have nobody and that's what you felt like at fourteen too	0
who wants to hold hands??? yes i know i'm a naughty girl	17
i don't have enough space for fries in fridge these dead babies take up too much space	16
i has the big dumb i spent 10 minutes looking for my phone for it to be in my pocket	2
i just did something of questionable legality and i feel epic try to guess what it is	0
ppl started talking about baby pictures i don't have any of mine, they probably got confiscated by the police because my parents made drugs in the same house. we weren't allowed to keep *anything* i hate that idek what i looked like, the only thing i have to go off of is memories and school pictures but i was older then	2
how do you feel about veganism? i know in general the word has a negative connotation, but what are your experiences with it?	6
14f ama uhh, i like salt and vinegar chips, i have two cats and a pitbul, the office is ny favorite show, sunflowers	18
i just want to be somebody to someone tbh yea that's it i wanna be a super special girl to at least one somebody i wanna have the ability to make people really happy like i wanna be loved deeply i wanna be somebody's favorite and first choice not even romantic necessarily just in any way i know that's super selfish but yeah lol i hope that'll happen	13
missing a chance to amass karma today i royally fucked up by making this faq only to have the topic removed 10 minutes later. context: dammit jenny an faq regarding all fallacies found in op's writing: q:why does the op have so much time and doesn't seem to go to work? a: because he has a big dick. q:what kind of job pays you 212k a year and you don't even have to go to work? a:the kind where op can just wave around his big dick while in his business suit and panties are dropped everywhere. q:what's with the phone and battery thing? a:op's big dick broke the phone before it hit the floor so jenny will be . q:what kind of pi gives constant updates and live streams his work? a: pi was mesmerized by op's big dick. q:what kind of grown ass woman would say things like "meeting up for kisses" or "i only touch it and played with it a little"? a:op shoved his big dick inside her day in and day out, it's only natural it broke her mind. q:why is op pulling all this up on reddit for everyone to see when his lawyer told him to keep it a secret? a: because op ain't afraid to wipe everyone's mind by posting a picture of his nasty ass big dick, which would then blow our minds. q:why would jenny and carly rat each other out when they cheated? a:obviously carly was hungry for op's big dick since jenny didn't want to share. q:why is op ignoring questions asking him for proof? a:he doesn't want to break the internet again when his big dick plops out onto everyone's monitor. q:why does op have spare cctvs and recording equipment at home? a:he's waiting for the big day when he decides to quit his 212k job and start making amateur porn with his massively big dick. q:why is every answer to every question op's big dick? a:because op ain't no littledickzack. ps if this counts as spam, go ahead and remove this.	14
classic example of a white person denying their privilege by calling a victimized minority racist <url>	11
they gonna make a life version of milan without mushu. i wonder why	10
boyfriend and i separated, i'm really devastated and need some help. so i can't let myself think about the fact that he's not mine anymore or what he's doing or i might lose my mind. so, i'm asking the people of reddit to please, help me by sharing your most embarrassing moment! i'll tell you mine first. it was the 6th grade. i was feeling hot hot hot in my army t-shirt and brand new baby-pink cargo shorts/capris/pants. that's right, these bad boys could be unzipped to create a pair of shorts, a pair of capris, or the regular ol' pants. but i had them on shorts because i was feeling riskaayyy. so there i am, walking proud in my new gear, when i get to class and notice it's starting to rain. well, i zip up my pants from shorts because i get cold easily and that's why i wore these! in case of such a situation. well, through out class i noticed the storm was picking up, leaves were flying in to our classroom from the one open window in the corner, people are chatting, no one is paying attention to the lecture. then the bell rings. yay! time for homeroom! i run outside, eager to get to homeroom because my crush sat next to me so obvi i had to be there first in my brand new outfit. now, my middle school was weird. it was on two sides of the street with a tunnel underneath that connected both sides.this tunnel was often the victim of stink bombs or bullying, so you usually don't go in it unless you have to. so, i'm walking down the stairs to the tunnel when i see a huge cloud from a stink bomb. distracted, i made a mental note thanking the universe it was on the other side of the tunnel (for the opposing traffic). yes! i think to myself, not today stink bomb! but then! a rush of water comes flooding behind me as i'm about a third way down the tunnel steps, picking me up and throwing me as it goes. i slid all the way down the stairs on my bum, with water flooding over my whole body all the way to the bottom, landing in a huge puddle of dirty rain and stink bomb water. i sat there for a second unsure of what had just happened, and when i finally realized i jumped up and screamed "my pants!". so there i am, at the bottom of the tunnel entrance drenched from head to toe but mainly my lower half, in front of half the school. everyone started laughing. i was mortified. my new baby-pink pants were now the color of my baby brother's feces after he eats split peas. and because it was on the way to homeroom nearly half the school got a view, and that really did stick with me until i "graduated" from the 8th grade. i was henceforth known as, the cargo pants girl who fell in the tunnel. but it's okay because the lovely faculty at my school made sure i didn't have to go home, no matter how much i begged them. instead, i got to wear my gym shorts and t-shirt for the rest of the day.	12
my best friend just invited me to a metal cruise as a gift... she will pay the cruise costs and i will assume my travel expenses. i only accepted with the condition i would pay her back later, of course and will decrease my expenses to minimum so i can pay her sooner. she is not thrilled by it but agreed. i'm just so grateful for her friendship, all the things we have been through and such a gift. so, tell me a story of you and your bestie	6
what if i tell you... poop	1
i just want to be offensive cant even say the "r word" no more	2
dont put your dick in a seagull dont worry, i didn't do it, just warning you. edit: i just neglected my own advice	0
all i want is a cuddle buddy is that too much to ask someone to watch netflix w under a blanket and cuddle	13
i'm gonna break all the rules 1. no personal attacks. daniel, your right kneecap looks weird 2. no spamming. spam spam spam spam spam 3. no personal information. my ss number is ********* 4. no nsfw content. heck 5. all submissions must be flaired. can't rebel against this one, sorry :/ 6. amas require prior moderator approval. give me questions.	0
whats all this about advertising laws and stuff? is it everywhere or just america? is it true they have to ask you before advertising? cant they just make things not free unless you say you want adverts? does it include reddit? idk where else to ask these things, this is my go to place for convos. in the spirit of this reddit, how are you? what did you eat for lunch today?	10
i don't want to go to class today don't wanna go to class i'm so sleepy all i want to do is sleep	4
i was looking through my old post and found some interesting(weird) things [something really cursed](<url>) [a list of deleted people](<url>) [my first post here :)](<url>)	10
you're the only one, who's making me be so happy like y'all keep doing you. i hope you have a wonderful day/night/afternoon, i really have no idea where you are. if u need to rant or talk about something good i'm here for ya just want u to know i love u	0
who has two thumbs and is epic? not my cat because he don't got thumbs	2
tv series idea for the brother in logan and jake paul... recently got into these guys. hilarious. up there with jackass. they do some crazy stuff. so i was thinking what about a netflix series with them traveling to different places around the globe? i've seen comedians and such do those type of series and always thought the paul brothers would be brilliant in them. i know the internet hates them so it would be just more hilarious	1
fantasy books? i want to read more fantasy style adult books. i've tried looking on my own but unfortunately i can only really find young adult fantasy which there's nothing wrong with but i'm kinda tired of that writing style. anything with magic, dragons, elfs, and especially fairies i'd love! thank you for any suggestions you have	6
i showed my reddit account to an irl friend and he said it was cool i'm the shit filler filler filler	0
anyone doing french? you may know my pain i need 15 quid for a gcse french textbook... anyone got some spare paypal money they are willing to donate to an aspiring gcse student. i wouldn't usually ask but i'm desperate deltafetus@gmail.com	1
send me songs! i'm very much so dreading school tomorrow, and to pass the time tonight itd be cool if you guys could send me songs, and ill respond telling you what aesthetic/aesthetics it reminds me of. any genre is good. dont be shy lol, and please dont rickroll me .	1
its 3:00 am right now and i plan on getting up at 7 am tomorrow just to be productive is that a good idea? i have a morning class tomorrow at 8:45 so why not get up an hour earlier?...	4
my little cousin hung himself on the 10th. my 20 year old cousin riley ransom hung himself in the shed many of us spent a lot of our childhood in, attaches to my grandmas house where he lived. he posted on facebook saying "none of you fake ducks show up like you gave a fuck" and a friend called the police. the police revived him once and then a paramedic revived him again. he was on life support for the last two days in hopes the swelling on his brain would go down and that we could see how damaged he had become. we just found out there is no hope, probably never was any. my cousin struggled. the noose was loose but his hood got caught in it. we don't know if he meant for this or not or tried to get out. he was without air for fifteen minutes. he is not "legally" dead as doctors haven't signed the papers. but he is gone forever. my grandma just sobs and sobs. his brother was his best fucking friend and just lost a best friend to the same suicide a week ago. we are helpless so i don't know why i'm posting. there's a go fund me for my family right now and also a flash tattoo sale at a local shop so people can support us. this feels so surreal. everyone in this city knows who my fucking family are now. this is my worst nightmare can someone please tell me how to get through this for my family.	4
le funny jokes i made what is a female bro called? >! a bra !< what is a female freshman called? >! a freshwoman !< what is a female person called? >! a perduaghter !< i am very funny	0
i kicked a pregnant lady when i was still a fetus	0
i'm writing a funny speech trying to convince my audience that ghosts really do exist, are there any points you can suggest? at the moment i have my friend who's going to dress up as a ghost and pop up out of no where during my speech	1
i wish i knew about this sub 9 years ago my brother took his own life 9 years ago. he was two weeks shy of his 14th birthday. he was hilarious, creative, and i looked forward to us becoming friends as he grew into himself (i am 12 years older). now i volunteer as a facilitator for a suicide bereavement group. i wish i knew this sub has existed 9 years ago, but now i hope my experience - and the fact that i survived - will help some of y'all. you will survive this. it won't be pretty. it's going to be the hardest thing you've ever done. but you will do it. keep sharing your stories.	3
i only have 2 months left to be a teenager (20th birthday in mid to late oct.) what terrible advice do you teens have for me for how i should spend the last of my adolescence? i will be an old man soon and i'm scared	12
ngl i'm kinda hot if i had a twin... man the things i'd do	17
first post on here :) so i can finally post on here and yeah that's about it, but if your reading this your amazing and have a great day	6
remember, your significant other doesn't have to verbally tell you how much they love you today i was supposed to have oral surgery via removing access tissue on my back upper gums, and i was pretty nervous since i knew i was going to have numbing shots, and you know how long and terrifying those needles are if you've ever had to endure dental work... anywho, my boyfriend started the morning by running out to get us coffee. he came over to my house to make sure i had a good breakfast since i wouldn't have been able to eat after, cleaned all my dishes including ones left behind from a day or two ago since he knows i love a clean kitchen to wake up to. rode with me to the dentist, went to work, left work early to pick me up, just to go back to work. if he wasn't offered to earn extra cash today, i know he'd be at my house giving me a massage, maybe make me tea, and all the cuddles. but making me a priority while he is working and preparing for a long event tonight, just to take care of me has me feeling some type of way. work is important, just knowing my parter would do those sweet things if he were here is even better. however, i didn't go through the surgery since my dentist concluded that wisdoms need to be removed instead. this is even more painful and takes longer to heal, which sucks, but i already know he'd be there by my side and take care of me. the action of displaying love is louder than the words followed. accept the efforts your partner puts into you this valentine's day rather than what gifts they give. the gift is your partner's love.	15
sign this petition to save a life <url>	16
currently i carry 2 phones around with me long story. gonna try to shorten it as much as possible. i'm a 19 year old and for money i buy high end phones (iphone 8+&x, note 9) dirt cheap and sell them a little below retail brand new. normally, in a month i could either lose or make money. well, on one particular iphone x i got ripped off. the phone was locked to a carrier while i was told it was fully unlocked. at first i was really disappointed but got over it. it happens more than you'd think. a few months ago my person disappeared so i kinda slowed down by a lot. i've been trying to join the marines so i had to buy running shoes cuz we so a lot of running at pt my cash flow had completely stopped and i needed money to buy the shoes so i had to sell my personal iphone x. i had a spare android galaxy s8+ and i used it. after a few months i had given up on trying to get another iphone x for myself. yesterday i was cleaning out my room because i finally got a ship date to leave to boot camp and i found the iphone x i had been ripped off on. i tried it once again and i was able to actually get it. but it was still locked. so now, i'm using the iphone x without service but so i can use it i have my androids hotspot on my iphone lmao tl;dr i use an android i'm forced to use as a portable hotspot for an iphone x i'm unable to put service on (apple fanboy)	7
i just drove a boat for the first time today hello all! i'm a biological technician at a private company, and i just drove the company boat for the whole day for the first time (two other times i just took control between transects). it was really stressful most of the time because i was poorly judging how much i needed to push forward or back on the throttle, and our transects have five points across the river that we should get as close as we can to (to survey for submerged aquatic vegetation). i hit docks a few times. i forgot to raise the motor a few times. i struggled to get the boat back onto the trailer. there were two other coworkers with me who have a bit more experience, but i was actually glad they didn't take the wheel. learning is an experience! we also used a different system of recording data, and there were struggles with that too. as a consolation prize, we also got to watch dolphins hunt! one dolphin would chase the fish to the other dolphins who would fling their faces up and out of the water. it was great! soon, we should find manatees (and less tannic water) too.	6
is there any song that brings you back to a certain memory in your life? for me, the song head in the ceiling fan by title fight brings me back to high school, specifically the summer between my sophomore and junior year. if i listen to it and close my eyes, i'm with my old friends running down the street in the middle of a warm night, laughing and feeling completely free. i love when people share their memories with me, so thanks in advance for any responses	6
i just interviewed for a new position at my company...and i'm having second thoughts. so i applied for this job because it sounded interesting and would be a change of pace. right now i'm working customer service. this position is actually brand new and would be an "e-commerce" position pulling reports, doing promos, etc. but not customer facing. our interview went good. i showed him some things he was surprised about and i actually scored top three in the assessment they had us do. so only three people got interviewed. the job would be a pay raise taking me from $18/hr to $22/hr. i think it's just my anxiety. but the environment is so different. the guy i interviewed with was the one who would oversee me and he was extremely nice and friendly. it's just...different. i don't like change and it's just like...wow. do i really want to make this change? yes. no? yes! ehh... my stomach is in knots but he will let me know in a couple days. he said this: " i like to sleep on a decision and i would like to weigh pros and cons between all applicants so i can determine who will be the best fit. even if i don't pick you, i'll want to come sit with you for your ideas." that last sentence made me like	5
i (23f) need help in the overall dating scene. i've never been in a long term or any kind of relationship and i am scared i won't ever be in one. i've never been courted or even asked to be in a relationship with. i am already scared that i'd be old and alone. i do go out with some people but not as much as i want to or people i see myself establishing a relationship with. my standards are not high but reasonably moderate. ( clean, decent looking, with a stable job , with ambition and not married or jn a relationship with another) any tips on being how to be not single anymore? :( i am sick and tired of being the single girl in all my group of friends. i also think its high time i experience this. i dont think the problem is physical i like to think of myself as adorable looking (because i'm a nerd) i am not sexy but not obese. i like to think its my weight but that can't totally be it . i also have a job and i am a professional so i know i can contribute when dating. i also enrolled in a class, joined and became active in numerous orgs. but.. but i am truly from the bottom of my heart at a loss on how i'd be able to find a relationship. :( i am too ashamed and shy to try tinder, paranoid too that something bad would happen. i already asked my friends to set me up, but nothing and i mean nothing is happening tl;dr i dont want to be single anymore. please share some wisdom.	4
people have said they got goosebumps and cried when they heard me sing but in a positive way.. i hope at least	0
imagine being left on read my friends respond in -1 seconds	0
issues that were unfixable in our relationship are now fixable. should i [29f] try to reconcile with my ex [33m]? [long] throwaway obviously. so my ex and i have been broken up for 2 weeks. things ended really amicably. i told him i needed some time to heal and that we could maybe be friends down the road. for some back story this is what led to our breakup: i am bipolar. one last mood swing two weeks ago did us in. i switched meds in march of 2018 last year and that's when my life started to go downhill. i became very panicky and clingy as the months went on, had insane bouts of mania and then a four month period of depression, cried over everything, and went into mania so bad i racked up enough debt to cause me to file bankruptcy. these are all huge red flags that would make anyone want to run for the hills. but i recently went back on my old medicine that made me stable a month ago. i was starting to feel better but started getting a little foggy as i was titrating off my old med and still had some mood swings. ever since 2 weeks ago i have been so stable it's insane. i visited my doctor last week who confirmed i was stable and that we should stay on it. he also told me that a lot of people react poorly to the other med i was on and my behavior was most likely due to the medicine since none of these things had happened on the old one. i only cried once last week over something legitimate. i felt like i did a year ago before this all happened. i'm financially back on my feet as well. as far as affection and kids go, i was becoming so clingy and wanted affection and praise constantly since i was so depressed. since becoming stable again i realize i don't need that. i just need someone to have my back, and he did....i also dealt with a clingy, crying best friend last week and realized how annoying it would be if she was like that every day for 4 months.... kids: it's not that i don't want them, i was just scared to go off my medicine while pregnant because i'm such a high risk for post partum depression. i found out i can be pregnant and stay on this medicine when i went to the doctor this week and my heart sunk into my stomach. all of these are huge issues that are now resolved. we had a really nice texting conversation on saturday. after some pleasantries he said "i was going to text you last night but i didn't want to disturb anything. i just wanted to let you know i'm doing okay and i hope you are too." i tell him i wanted to text him the night before too. he tells me he woke up to a wall of text in his phone he almost sent me. he was blowing up my phone like he did when we first met. he texted me a brain dump about how he's freaking out about pulling money out of his savings to go on this snowboarding trip this week, and after 7 texts in a row he ends it with, "but i'm single now and staying home is cheap so i got that going for me." after picking my jaw up off the floor, i sent a response about how everything will be fine and i had to go as i was having ppl over later, mutual friends of ours actually. he said, "i'm so happy you guys are still hanging out. don't talk too much shit although i understand if you must." i said, "i honestly haven't said one bad thing about you" - which has been the truth. i continued "i mean obviously we're both still hurt sad etc but at the end of the day it is what it is and i don't want there to be any hard feelings." he didn't respond after that. then yesterday (sunday) i get 3 texts from him: he's up early because he has to get stuff ready for this trip, two hours later he texts that he's just gonna come over tomorrow (today, monday) after work and also would i mind stopping over a few times while he's gone so i can feed his fish? i said sure. i haven't heard anything since. when (if?) he comes over tonight i was going to sit him down and talk very openly and candidly. shoot my shot, if you will. i was going to start off with how i've been on this sub and the unsent letters sub and half the posts are from people that have broken up with other people and regretted it. they want to say something, but don't. so then no one says anything. then tell him everything i wrote out up there. and then say, "can we just start over? it's obvious we still love each other. i don't think we got a fair shot at this when i was on my different med. i feel like the woman you fell in love with again. the time is going to pass anyway, so what do you think about taking things extremely slow, not having each other's keys, not sleeping over right away, not leaving shit at each other's place, and continue doing what we need to do to work on ourselves and just try dating each other again? and then in a few months if things are still going well we can officially get back together." i was then going to tell him that he doesn't have to make a decision right away, go on the trip and think about it. is this a terrible idea? tldr: major issues in our relationship that seemed unfixable are now suddenly fixable. my ex and i have only been broken up two weeks, our text conversation made me feel like there's hope for a reconciliation. should i go for it and have a candid conversation about it?	1
i just realized something really weird i have more pictures of my sister than my girlfriend on my phone	10
i'm feeling insecure and i know i shouldn't and i don't know how to stop myself. i (23f) have been eating my boyfriend (24m)for about 7 months now. we really have been ultimately happy and i love him very much. the only thing i sometimes have a problem with is there is a girl in his friend group "s" who he's had sex with multiple times and they used to have a thing. the last time they hooked up was 5 years ago. i've met her and hung out with her multiple times and she honestly is really nice to me and i do like her as a person. and i really do trust that they are strictly just friends who used to hook up. i just actually wish i didn't know about their past because my life would be so much easier. i'm tired of comparing myself to her. and imagining them having sex every time we hangout with his group of friends. i wish he never told me. (he told me kinda as a slip up like within our first month of dating). this past weekend we went on a ski trip with all of his friends. she came in the car we were in to top that all off. i have skied twice before and i actually don't really like it but my boyfriend loves it so much and is really good and i wanted to do this for him and have fun with him. the first day of the trip, of course i'm the worst of everyone there. he basically just lags behind with me and i feel bad / stupid and lame. it also sucks cuz "s" is super good at skiing like him and idk i just compare myself and feel like a loser who has to stay on the easy slopes while all his friends want to do the extreme stuff. it was an exhausting day and i actually decided to stay with one of the girls that didn't go for day 2 instead of skiing the 2nd day. i just headed home with that girl while my boyfriend and the rest of the group stayed and skied another day. he just got done skiing and his on his way home now. he's texting me telling me what an amazing day it was and how it might've been the best ski day of his life. and to top it off "s" posted an instagram story of my boyfriend throwing up the snow caption "so much snow!!! " like it was the best day ever. i can't help but feel upset that he had such a great day on the day i wasn't there. and just jealous that "s" was there having fun with him.. and honestly just lame because everyone was good except me and i just don't feel like the cool girl that impresses like i did when we first started dating. i just am really not feeling good about myself right now. i'm really sad. idk if this is just a mood and it'll pass but i'm pretty upset. i honestly feel lame even typing this. i feel like i used to be super confident and happy with myself and now i feel like he's probably seeing that i'm not all that. ps. oh yeah to top it all off one time a few weeks ago we randomly asked each other what our typical "type" is and he said "ethnic looking girls maybe like mexican or latina of some sort (aka me, so that's good) or asian girls (aka "s", so cool another thing to add to my insecurities) tldr; feeling really insecure about myself in general and my boyfriend and his friend that he used to hook up with.	3
should i tell my friend i had a dream of them should i text this girl that in my dream last night we both did the dirty deed together . i guess this is trivial and wanted to get this off my mind, so i posted it here. i think i'm going to tell her but more as a joke	1
stressing out about some papers that i put off, plz chat to keep me sane also stressin about some shit that i can't change anymore. well i guess i technically can't change the fact that i procrastinate either, but i'm sure i'll get these papers done in time and all. just stressin about em. ones an op-ed on the masterpiece cakeshop scotus case and the other is an international relations paper	12
guys i'm no longer a 14 yo virgin just kidding i'm still a 14 year old virgin	0
list of new slurs you shouldn't say - indie - don't say indie unless you're indian - peanut - don't say peanut unless you've nutted and peed at the same time - black - don't say black if you're not emo - woman - don't say women unless you can woo a man accept you privilege. part two coming soon. /s	8
someone have a good convo with me i'm really bored	13
ladies, ladies, one at a time, please. also, the godzilla crocs stay on during sex. yeah, sex is cool. but have any of y'all ever bought the grim reaper pipe in flappy crush, the most expensive item in the game? yeah, didn't think so, nerds.	0
me [25/f] wants to break up with my bf [28 m] after he (didn't?) recover from his mothers death so here i am, made an account especially to ask the internet for help with my incriminating lovelife. (sorry for bad english btw) the situation: for the last 3 years i'm in a relationship with my bf. he loves me, i believe him. i love him too, at least that is what i was thinking until the last months threw my feelings around and i'm at a point where i don't know if anything i knew about myself is even true or just a wish to be true. it all started september 2017 when his mother died. he quit the job he had at that time because he just wanted to take a break. it's not that big of a deal because we live in germany and you won't fall into poverty of no return if you take off a year. we were living together and i just stared my first job after university which turned out to be hell. i got up at 4 am, was payed bad and all my days were a cry for sleep. i lost most of my social life because i just had no energy left for that after work. so.... while i was working myself into depressions he was..... there is no other way to say it... sitting at home in front of his computer playing games. i was surprised at myself that i was ok with that. with "that" i mean that situation of me working and him sitting around. i mean his mother died and i wanted to give him room to mourn in peace. no demands from my side, i told him i was there for him whenever he needs me. it's not like i wouldn't be working if he still had a job, so i just accepted it how it was. idk what or when it started to bother me but i assume it was after half a year. i told him that i needed help with the household. i was the one buying grocerys after work, i was the one doing the dishes, the one doing loundry, at least we took turns making food... but i was to anxious to ask him for that with more pressure because i had to much respect for his loss so nothing actually changed. and at this point i think my feelings started to change. he started to turn (at least for me) into someone i can't depend on. someone who needs me but can't give anything back. i still loved him but my feelings turned more into something motherly. i lost my sexual interest in him. and here i am. one year later. still with him and he still has no job, still sits at home the whole day (he does the dishes now and vacuum cleans the floor tho...) and even after i told him half a year ago that my feelings start to change because he turned into someone i can't depend on there still is not much change. even after the depressions i got from my job started to show on my body (i lost so much hair q.q) and i told him that i need help in the household, i can't just not clean my home because i don't feel at home if its dirty and i need a place to call home and calm down, there was no change at all. i told him all of that. and even if i myself know that there is no timelimit for grieve i found myself at a point where i feel discomfort when ppl ask me if my bf still has no job and what he is doing all day. i lie because i'm ashamed. and at the same time i'm ashamed because i feel shame. but i just don't want that. i don't want to spend my life with someone who has no passions and hobbys in life and manages to stay at home for 1 1/2 years and do literaly nothing but playing videogames. i don't want to spend the rest of my life with someone who reacts (or doesn't react....) that way when my mind and body is hurt by depressions. i would never fall in love with someone like that. i'm at a point where i don't know what to do because if i leave him i would feel like a horrible person who left a person after his life turned bad. he wasn't like that when we started and i had hopes that it's just a period we have to go through until it gets better but i just feel myself loosing that hope because that just took 1 1/2 years of my life and i can't just go on wasting more time. i told him i need some space to cure the depression i got myself into. i quit my old job and already have a new one that is better in every possible way. i'm getting better (i have most of my har back too :d) but he still sits at home. he told me he has a promising spot for a new job and will start next month but i just don't know if i even want to go back. i loved him for sure but i don't know if its to late. so i'm here, asking for advice, asking for someone who might have had a similar experience, might say something that can lit my hope again, because i want to have my hope back. i mean i was at a point where i wanted to marry that guy. but going back means ppbly wasting more time, quitting a job i actually like, risking more depressions. i just need some more opinions guys. tldr: idk if i should finally break up with my bf of 3 years who was not there for me while depressions nearly destroyed me even if i always tried to tell him how bad i was feeling because he himself had to go though the death of his mother. this whole story is going on for around 1 1/2 years now.	7
setting campus building fire alarm off by vaping i used to be on a pack a day and i switched to e cigs about a year ago. i'm doing my first year of uni (college) and there weren't any rules against e cigs so i assumed why not. i did this every day for two weeks while having my window open and it was fine but today at 11:45 the alarm went off, about 30 people had to stand outside. residential services arrived and asked who lives in the room x (my room), asked if i was smoking, i said electronic cigarettes, they sort of laughed it off. i turned around and said sorry to everyone and i won't do it again i'm just worried everyone in my flat will hate me now and i might not get my deposit back i really hate doing shitty things so this got me down a bit edit: my emotional stage is over, rational thinking kicking in meaning no one fucking cares and i shouldn't worry too much. just not gonna fog my room up anymore	7
night night guys sleep tight don't let the bedbugs bite	16
are women from porn ads real ? since my younger age, i am used to go in online streaming sites to see series as a lot of people (my dad never wanted to get myself netflix lol). as those sites are not secured and "official", sometimes you can see some porn ads popping up with women private parts exposed. obviously, i don't pay attention but sometimes it seems like they're fake. i don't know if i am paranoid but when you look closer into their faces, they look like robots. and even though they're real, do all of them know they're are exposed on hundred thousand illegal sites ?	2
u/toastedwoffless, you're next on my kill list u/toastedwoffless, cherish your final hours as 25th most pog	16
would it be weird to try and pay for a toy for a kid at the store? the scenario is so unlikely it'd probably never happen in front of me, and it'd be super weird to try and wait for it to happen (except maybe at a dedicated toy store?) but i think about this every christmas. i wear a giant santa hat, very long down to my knees, all winter. every year, i think about going to a store and seeing a kid who wants a toy or something, and buying it for them under the guise of "santa was bringing you this for christmas but he wanted me to come make sure you didn't buy it first". more specifically i imagine a kid spending their own money they saved or earned and i tell them "do you know whose hat this is?" and they confirm, and i say "anyone you see wearing a hat like this... *is one of santa's helpers*. santa told me he was getting you this toy for christmas, and he wanted to make sure you didn't spend your money on it!" and then i'd pay with my red and white store credit card, calling it santa's special credit card, and then they get the toy and to keep their money. i don't know if i could even make it through that interaction in the first place because thinking about it is enough to make my lip start to tremble, lol. i'm barely not crying about it just writing it out i can't afford to throw money around at random kids to give them a magic little moment like that but just one would be enough. i want to do this every year but it's just a really obscure scenario and it'd be complicated to interject with a parent buying multiple things and only pay for one. i could hand over some cash but that's kind of lame. plus what if the parent thinks it's weird :(	4
so surprised how unfriendly people are in iceland my first time visiting iceland or anywhere outside of the us and i've only been here for an hour and i'm so surprised how mean people here are. i'm a very friendly person by nature but i'm getting pretty upset at how rude people here are. i hope the rest of my trip isn't like this. i have 9 days here	2
my(19m) girlfriend (17f) might be selfish, has a younger mindset, and i feel doesnt care about the way i think this is my first real relationship and its with a girl whos been in plenty of small ones and a few longer ones. although its my first, from watching everything and everyone around me i feel that i know how to have a healthy relationship. i used to bring all that up while we were only talking for about a month or so before. of course i dont know how to really keep a relationship healthy but i try. i would preach a relationship cant be one sided and both have to have 100% energy. i think she does try too somewhat and when i would talk about it she would agree with all the stuff i would say about relationships and lasting. now we would do small things for eachother and all that and at the start everything was great, although since i was new to all this she would get mad she had to make the first moves on most things i didnt know what i was doing. now im not sure whats really going on but i feel like she is too self centered and has some not too great qualities, but i want to talk and try to better ourselves together. what ive noticed alot and shes done it today is she loves blaming everyone else for things that happen to her or around her. when we go out and do things its basically always what she wants to do, she does say its up to me sometimes but 90% of the time we end up doing what she wants. also, now im not saying i always think things through or am smart myself but i swear she just doesnt have that mindset yet, i feel like alot of her decisions on smaller or more larger things are just impulse like she doesnt really think about what may happen or how she could do something better she just does it. last thing, she is somewhat shy but has an explosive attitude towards people she is closer to or loves. like she is all sweet and cute to strangers or people she doesnt know well but will flip her shit on me or her parents or people that actually care. i think she has that mindset where the guy should always comfort the girl when shes angry or sad or all that, which i agree with to an extent, but if i do nothing to you and youre getting pissed off and annoyed at me and im always trying to comfort you that shit gets old. so the past few days ive been not really feeling all that shes been annoying and ive been annoyed. not once has she sat down and tried to ask me whats wrong or talk about anything, yet when that used to happen to her i would constantly ask and try to help. now we talk alot either text or on the phone and see eachother 3 or more times a week and hang out but still. what do u guys think? tl;dr girlfriend is sometimes selfish, treats people who care about her bad, and doesnt ask how i feel about almost anything. i think she still had a childish highschool mindset while im 19 trying to become a hardworking man.	1
tfw when no you don't have anyone to cook a shitty dinner for and for them to enjoy it anyway, or to bike to the nearby city with and get a drink from the coffe shop and walk in the park by the river, or to go on a walk around the neighborhood on a crisp winter moring with, or to go the christmas lights festival with and hold eachother close because of the cold, or to go on a walk up the bluff trail with and look out across the city where you were born, or to sit in the local midwest diner on a snowy sunday for breakfast to eat a pile of pancakes and enjoy their company, or to lay your head on their lap and let them play with your hair while they sit on their bed, listening to you vent about your struggles with your gender and your parents. and it seems you never will	2
why is it called "skin of my teeth" instead of just gums? i think it's to make rock songs sound cooler. "hanging on by the gums on my teeth" doesnt sound as rockin. i know gums are skin but still lol. for reference i was listening to "skin o my teeth" by megadeath. i suppose "gums" would be a pretty terrible title too	1
i'm rarely home alone, right now i am and it's just hit me how lonely i am. i'm 29 married with two kids. i'm rarely home alone, but at this moment my wife is out with a friend and the kids are with their grandmother. i'm sitting on the sofa listening to some music and come to the realisation that i actually feel very lonely. i've just had the best day going bowling and for lunch with my two year old, me and my wife love each other and get along, rarely argue. my eldest (10) is more 15 than 10 and finds me embarrassing . but i have no one i can really confide in, i don't have a best friend, i don't really have friends, just people from work who i'm friendly with. my wife suffers from depression and so i'm reluctant to talk to her about problems i have which also means i'm reluctant to go out of a weekend/evening as i worry about leaving her if she is feeling low. i've pretty much lost meaningful contact with my friends from school and college, it's been 10 years since i saw any of them. i wish i had a best mate. someone i could just talk to outside of the family unit, i've been very consumed with work and family that i haven't really given any time to myself. i know this all sounds very get the violin out, but i actually feel kinda crappy about it.	8
so you listen to kanye? who is in paris	5
today is a sad day fellers girl i like left me on read	2
this girl that goes to my old school texted me "i need to meet you sometime... " after i told her a joke or something like that and i said "yeah lol". i suck at being a heterosexual	4
i just want to dominate a guy and cut his penis off is that too much to ask for	13
do i need to see a therapist? hi, guys. two years ago i was in unhealthy relationships. she was a pathological liar. almost every little thing that she told me, and that i know about her, wasn't true. we ended up when she became drug addicts (hard shit) and cheated on me on our anniversary. it was really traumatic experience. things got spicy when i realized that i have trust issues and some sort of anxiety. but there's a good side in all of this - i've reconsidered all my life. it happened on my summer vacations. i was smoking weed 24/7 and finally made my ass to get over her and also, i made a decision that completely change my life. since then i bottled everything up and became a workaholic. i was trying to date a few girls, but things didn't really go well. the day after date i was just lying in my bad and thinking: "do i really need it?". that kind of shitty philosophy was always on my mind so i gave up on the idea of being with someone. a bit after this, one girl from a college showed up in my life. we started to slowly get into each other. a cup of coffee, a leisurely walk out and etc. and etc. i was a little suspicious, but decide that i need to give it a shot. i've told myself that she's funny, smart and i like to spend time with her, so why not? "dude, just stay emotionally sober". she's younger than me and never was in a serious relationship. the point is, she acting little bit childish, in my opinion. she always mention her male friends that buzzing around, do compliments and stuff like this. she even told me once that there's a guy (coworker) that gave her a jacket while they was walking to the city subway on rainy a day. nice guy tho, but do i really need to know this? from this moment on, i started to get uncomfortable. (i've to mention that i didn't tell her about my crazy ex-gf.) a few days ago i saw her friends and literally get triggered. they look so infantile and it kinda reminds me of my ex-girlfriend. really don't want to sound bizarre, but as an any regular person, i can assume what people do with their lives, based on their behaving. final cut of my story. yesterday evening i texted her that i'm chilling at home, and send a selfie with a beer. she wasn't really in mood, so i asked her: "what happened, dude". she responded: "nothing, keep chilling and drinking your beer, dude." didn't know what to respond, so i send stupid emoji ( ) and closed the app. am i overreacting on this? maybe it's just a petty things? am i being paranoid and all this things normal? i don't even understand. hope you will help me found out. the boundaries are blurred for me, and i don't want to hurt her feelings with just being myself. i'm afraid i'm just become too jealous and suspicious. tl;dr: was in unhealthy relationships. too afraid of ruining my current connection with a girl.	9
anyone want to talk?	6
it's that time again i'm so fucking lonely rn	2
my life is a mess. i'm insanely stressed. i've just switched to a full online connection academy. i'm already failing a week in, i'm smart in person but when it comes to school i'm absolutely terrible. my girlfriend doesn't talk to me. i always text my girlfriend normal things like "i love you" or "goodnight " every day and she never responds. i ask why and somehow she is "always" with a friend 24/7 even though she posts tiktoks daily. our only communication is through tiktok messages because she won't get discord and apparently her snapchat and skype "broke" at the same time and every time i bring it up she ghosts me. it's always incredibly awkward between us even though we've been dating a whole 3 years. she fantasizes over sam and colby way too much. now some more about other things, my grandpa has cancer but he's a fighter. i love him so much. everyone in my family is in poor physical condition. my friends are all fake. i have roughly only 3 hours of free time daily because my parents own a company and i have to work every single day (no pay) from mainly 3-10pm every night. i'm unmotivated. i'm lazy. i'm socially awkward. i'm out of shape mainly because of my height (6'4" and i'm only 13) i don't want to keep ranting because i'm just wasting your time at this point. i hope you have a good day.	3
feeling lonely just came home from a 40 day trip visiting my bf in italy. now i realize i have nobody else to talk to and i'm feeling kind of down. anyone want to have an uplifting conversation? i'm 21 f who's really into poetry, languages, self care, and psychology	6
not to flex but... this is my first post on unlimited data	0
i need to vent real quick [deleted]	16
drug experiences thread yo i just wanna hear abt r/teenagers experiences with drugs. ive only done weed n it was p fun. me n 7 other friends got high in one kids basement. thought i was about to die my first hit of the joint cuz i breathed in all ash . we trolled around until like 3:30am and then were all out. my friends said i was really gay when high... didn't think i was acting that gay but whatever. prolly gonna get high w/ people again sometime soon idk would recommend	1
inauguration day feels like more of a holiday than any other holiday i've had this year everything else was like but this i feel like something is actually happening	7
my dream was very weird so it started with my sister coming into my room and beating the shit out of me?? so i literally just got up and left with them and my mom chasing me. eventually i found somone else and they brought me to a whole group of people. the whole group started getting clashed by the police but most of them got away. it was cool at first but then it got weird. the group of people took over and had its own government. they would have classes to teach the kids and the older people where the teachers. they were very controlling too. while in class i called my friend and told them i ran away but while that happened i noticed the teacher was talking to them too?? the teacher started descibeing me outloud?? i thought they were looking for me for having a phone so i asked if i could go to the bathroom and hung up the call. outside they were tearing down houses and i accidentally ruined a photograph. the people started chasing me but i got over the "border". idk what happened next because i woke up it was also more of a lucid dream so that made it better lol	18
why am i so excited to get away from my dad tmrw hehe that's not normal is it	19
pulling bed covers over myself sometime around 2-3 am i woke up chilled, because my darling sweet husband of 20 years likes to steal the covers and cocoon himself inside of a blanket burrito. so, i woke when i realized i only had the sheet, went to grab the blanket and pull it over myself only to tear my bicep tendon on the inside/front of my shoulder. after a couple hours at the emergency room and an hour this afternoon at physical therapy i'm still in intense pain and waiting for an orthopaedic visit which isn't scheduled until wednesday. i was prepared for aging (i'm mid 40s and having minor issues with tendinitis and arthritis but nothing serious). but come on, a fucked up shoulder from pulling covers on myself? that just ridiculous. now, isn't this "technically" my husbands fault? just kidding (sort of). he is now picking at me about wanting a weighted blanket for the bed because "obviously i'm too weak to have one if i injure my shoulder with a cloth blanket". so, spouses of reddit, heed my warning: stop stealing the damn blankets and making your partners cold. now if you will excuse me i have some tylenol pm to pop. tl;dr - crabby middle aged wife injured self due to husband burrito blanket games	1
to the 5 people who always upvote my posts cheers	18
i failed i hit 10 days but i fucking failed fuck me	2
hey i am nicole 16f why was everyone talking about me?	5
all of my friends are doing online school this year and now i have nobody to eat lunch with	19
can i have a relationship with myself? my right hand cheated on me with someone else	14
my dog sneezed on me so i sneezed right back on her	0
me when my mom threatens to slap me because i didn't want to eat and now she yelling about me to my dad	19
okay the plan for the next 24 hours watching netflix, listening to music, discord and maybe i'll even go outside. okay now actually good bye for a day cuties. 1 minute left until i have to go	2
hello all irresponsible teens! party time! although it may be after bed time i would like to give a cheers to all of you coming to my cake day party! thank you all, much love	3
i'm for gender equality if you hit me im gonna pound you until you like like your cremated no matter what gender	8
help me get through this. i got some terrible unflattering pics back from photographer. we paid top dollar for this photographer. i looked so fat and frumpy. i wish i would have lost more weight but my god i tried. we have maybe 5 displayed in our home, enlarged. most are waist up. and my favorite one is just of me and my husband looking at the camera smiling, not the mystical in the woods candid pic like every other girl has on facebook i just feel bad. i mean i'm thankful i have a handful (small handful) of pics that i love. but they are just formals. one candid. help me feel better also now i need to lose like 50 lbs. i felt gorgeous but am shocked seeing how i really looked.	4
recently had surgery. i want to whine about my surgery, but not get on my friends/family members nerves so i'll spill my guts here. i was completely fine with the surgery happening because i had no idea what to expect. when i got there though and started getting poked i became nervous. i loved my nurses and the staff that worked with me. they could probably tell i was nervous and did great explaining everything. i thought it was funny when i told them it takes a lot of meds to knock me out. i was awake and talking to them all the way back to the operating room. i was loopy at this point, but they let me push something that they told me would "knock my ass out" and i fell asleep right after. i woke up after everything was done, and kept thanking the nurses and telling them (even the men) that they were pretty. i have a fear of taking pills and opioids because of family addiction, so i told them i would be fine without medicine. they gave me a prescription just in case. i lasted two days before i couldn't take it, and then only took half of one. i can feel the pins in my hand which is weird but not horribly painful. i can barley move that hand right now which is frustrating. i can't do my hair, or certain things by myself which kills me. my hair is important to me (insecurity issues and not being able to dress up or look nice gives me anxiety) and not even being able to straighten it sucks. i'm getting sick of sitting at home now. i like to be alone, but not for days especially when i can't take care of myself. i'm nervous about college classes with me not being able to write. the pain is still pretty bad too. sorry for the rant	1
18 karma till 4200	0
being evicted of my house by the previous dick's owner so, around a year ago i've found that lovely house (pink colored, i love pink color, it's pretty flesh) it seemed abandoned so i took it (i know, that's not cool but that's the way we live in my family) for almost a year it was really cool! generally people try to kick me out of their properties furiously pretty quickly, but i was really pleased to be able to live there, the neighborhood was cool and i met great people. flash forward to yesterday, there was a earthquake around the house. i was a little afraid but nothing to fear, it happened a lot here. but today was horrible! a giant shockwave happened! then someone forces the door of my house and put a huge pink stick inside. i was pushed against the wall, i tried to punch it but then i was pulled outside the house! and i saw him! *btw, it was a tiny stick in the end* as i said i saw the intruder, it was a human! that sick lad had his dick in my house!? no paper news, no broom, no brush... his own flesh stick! i was on his pinky end trying to understand why he did it that way but he throw me away quickly so i ran to escape. i'm now homeless and lost in that giant house and i've lost my flesh colored home tl;dr : i lived in what appeared to be a fleshlight but its human put his dick inside and throw me away excuse my english, but not all of us, spiders, can speak fluent english (yeah we're talking about you mr parker)	14
my friend's birthday is on february 14th man will feel double the pain and loneliness	2
when automod says [your post has been deleted] i felt that	2
i'm really sad hello, i don't really have anyone to talk about for the particular thing that's got me down, but nothing seems...real, anymore. i'm tired. i feel the same way i did when i was deeply depressed. i don't know what to do. nothing feels real. and i want it to be okay. feel free to spark up any sort of conversation with me, i guess.	0
i will face reveal if >!i get to 169 followers tonight cause funni number!<	5
i'm in so last night i was hanging out with my girlfriend. and she was absolutely exhausted from camp, but she wanted to be with me bc she's the sweetest girl. anyway i drove her home at 1 in the morning and when i walked her to the door the car battery somehow died. anyway, instead of just falling asleep, she came back outside until 3am just to wait for the person to jump my car. i'm happy boi	3
it doesn't sit right with me straight guys having killua or gon as their pfp ive seen too much rule 34 hentai those boys are uh	5
this post was made by lonely gang stop ghosting me you silly heckers i'm lonely	13
bad dragon?	5
i'm about to flex on you guys again my mom grounded me	0
lmao life is great yay i have a girlfriend! we've been dating for like 3 weeks right? so we already have gone to the movies one time but we decide to make plans before she leaves for another trip. guess who gets hit with the date they leave on their own trip on the only day you can make plans, on a trip they were forced to go? me. so basically i'm in a hotel and then she breaks up with me and i'm pretty sure it was because things were awkward between us or something. well, if i could talk to her it wouldn't be like lmao also i'm feeling like shit and now i have a grudge against my family lol	12
what did you do for your 18th birthday? i turn 18 in a few months and i'd like to make it special. hello friends! i turn 18 in june and i want to do something cool bc i've had a pretty bad year so far and would love to reverse that. i had the absolute best birthday last year (rented a chalet on an island w 6 of my best friends) & it seems impossible to come up with anything close! thank you, i'd love to hear about yours!	3
good night everyone. if i wake up to anyone being a transphobic asshole tomorrow then i will do things i won't regret.	12
happy anniversary happy 11 months together u/nonceman3000. im glad you can deal with me and i cant wait to see you soon. love you	3
day 67 of posting a non-amusing fact about me until i get laid fact#67: i've ended up with a really bad cold and all i wanna do is sleep	2
my husband and i are in chicago looking for something fun my husband and i are in chicago for a few days we are originally from california. well i am he moved there several years ago. he's jewish from israel. anyway he asked me if i can find someone whom i can buy "baking soda" from. if u know what i mean ;) this is my second post ever on here and i'm not sure if this is even ok to post. please lmk anyway if someone in chicago knows someone please let me know! :) we'd greatly appreciate it!	17
i [29f] struggle with mental health issues and my boyfriend [30m] of 7 months is amazing... how do i believe he isn't going to leave? tl;dr it took a long time for my boyfriend and i to get together. now my anxiety is feeding my fears of losing him. this is my first post on reddit... i usually just lurk so it feels a little weird actually posting about something. some background information: my boyfriend of 7 months and i have known each other over a decade. we started getting closer around 6 years ago, and have spent almost every single day together since. we had planned to move in together with another friend and had a drunken hookup about a month prior to moving into our new share house. i started developing feelings for him, but we agreed to stay friends so we would not complicate things. on top of this we both had reservations about entering into a relationship. i had just ended a 4 year relationship (that in itself was a difficult time), and he had also struggled with a rough relationship. given how close we are, our friendship was the priority. about a year later: we are happy living together, and neither of us have really seen other people beyond a few casual hook ups. i struggle with anxiety and depression, and had major depressive episode around this time. i was working a stressful job and had a lot of unprocessed grief around losing my father suddenly at 18. it all came to a head and i nosedived in a big way. throughout this time he was my rock. he was so understanding and non judgemental. literally talking me down off the edge when i was considering ending it. he encouraged me to get professional help, and through therapy and medication, i slowly became more capable of dealing with life. last year i told him i didn't want to see other people and he agreed. we decided to take it slow ( ) as i was still prioritising the management of my mental health and he also didn't want to jeopardise our friendship. nobody was surprised when we got together. my mother said something to the effect of "took you long enough." i decided to try coming off my medication. i had started gaining weight and it was causing more anxiety. he told me he loved me no matter how i looked but i was beginning to be less comfortable in my skin. i think i manage my mental health okay... aside from spikes in anxiety. during these time i get unreasonably scared i'm going to lose him. these fears range from a belief he'll leave me, to fearing his death or severe illness. when my anxiety is not bad, i can see it's unreasonable, but then i get stuck in these thought cycles where i can't stop thinking that he won't be there one day. he is so patient with me, and so reassuring that he loves me, and that he's not going to leave. sometimes this makes me feel better, but sometimes i just feel that i don't deserve to have someone so loving and kind. i love him so much and i don't want to sabotage this relationship through my anxieties. i just want to be able to accept that he loves me for me, and not get so tied up in this fear of losing someone else who is so important to me. how can i stop myself from ruining this with my fears?	1
i (19m) have intrusive dreams and thoughts about the girl i like (19f) hello all. i am 19 and currently living in a new city for school. i met this really awesome girl and i think things are going well. neither of us have been in a relationship before so it's been a really comfortable experience so far. ever since highschool, when i began getting serious about approaching girls, i began having these dreams. after a couple weeks of getting to know a girl, i would have a dream about what it would be like to be in a serious relationship with her. i would wake up and the next couple weeks would be filled with anxiety and intrusive thoughts over the girl, almost obsessive. it's this panicking feeling that's the reason why i went through highschool without a girlfriend, never getting second dates because i'm just so flustered all of a sudden. what is this and what can i do about it? it's recently happened to me, yesterday was filled with panic attacks and anxiety over a girl i've been on only two dates with. i can't stop thinking about missing her, and i think it's actually negatively impacting my chances with her as i no longer know what to say in our texting conversations or phone calls and they just end short. sure, it's nice to have somebody to miss, but i don't want to be so worried about it. i really like this girl, i could see us going somewhere, what are some exercises or things i can do to keep my mind off of these feelings? there's really nothing to be panicked about, i honestly don't know where it comes from other than the dream... any advice for keeping a conversation moving would help a lot too i feel like our conversations in person are really great, but i'm just so terrible over text and feel like i have nothing interesting to say. tl;dr: all of a sudden i have anxiety over a girl i like. there's nothing to worry about, but still can't get her off my mind. what can i do?	9
day 11 of asking for chill/songs to put in my playlist this is the current version of the playlist -> <url> please dont recommend songs without lyrics, i know they are chill songs but its really not what im looking for	6
people on reddit love making up gay people to be mad at remember when that "gay people i respect/dont respect" meme was like makin its rounds again and how people r like "it's ok if people are gay. just as long as they dont shove it in my face " aka "go back in the closet". coz even tho the vast majority of people cant go a day without seeing multiple expressions of heterosexuality on here, in public, in other forms of media etc. and their lives are constantly affected by heteronormativity theyre just making being gay their only personality trait if they talk about it sometimes. yeah anyway im goin to the store what yall want	3
go to google and type in 'yy' nice	0
i have cavities! what the heck?! that's so embarrassing! cavities are something kids get, right?! i haven't had any work (aside from regular cleanings) done on my teeth since i got my wisdom teeth out at 16. now i'm 25, and my dentist tells me today i've developed two little cavities. apparently he's been watching the spots for a couple years and they're finally big enough for him to work on. so i got 2 surprise fillings today... i was never really scared of the dentist before but for some reason today i totally bitched out. i was shaking the whole time, i even cried a little bit. it didn't even hurt! i have no idea why i got so upset! ugh. anyway, any other adults out there with cavities? i guess i'll be flossing and using mouthwash tonight.	4
a week ago i marched agaist climate crisis with about 150 outher people. the president juat acknowledged us in the sona kinda a big deal <url>	0
there are around 1243600 redditors in this sub... ...wich means that tecnically 3400 of us would have their cake day on 4/20	10
bruh i have a little problem so i have a blunt and i wanted to go run early this morning and smoke but now it's 11 should i just save this for tomorrow or go for a walk later today and just smoke	9
i (25m) don't know how to break up with my girlfriend (25f) of 3 years tl;dr i want to break up with my girlfriend but i am emotionally amateur to do it i was thinking a lot of time about typing this post.,and still don't know how to begin my paragraph :d i've been together with my girlfriend 3 years ago,while we were both on abroad for studies. she is my first big relationship and i love her very much. the problem is that for the biggest time, this relationship is a relationship from distance. when we began being together,the plan was to find work together in the same country . i couldn't find something and i returned back home,with the hope that i will find something in the future so to be together. for two years our relationship was working fine. but now i realised that i don't want to go on abroad again. at least at this stage of my life. also,i don't feel that same passion for her,that i think it's based on the fact that i dont want to leave again. my major problem is that i am still emotionally amateur. i can't deal with crying or with the fact that she will be sad because of our break up. i very been very cold blooded the last months with her,but i also can't stand it anymore. any advice would really be helpful edit 1: english is not my mother tongue, that's why so many sentences start with i , im not a selfish cunt	1
a silly prank yesterday i pranked my friend saying that i got a girl pregnant. i just wanted to make him look like a cool when he yelled this news loudly. instead everyone believed him. now i had to explain everyone that it was a prank but sadly my parents and principal took it seriously	14
what do gays/some girls like about sucking the pp? i get how it's the best thing (for me) to receive em...but sucking the schlong??..a literal meat/skin whatever..? might as well sloppily smother my fingers clean init.. doesnt seem to make a difference. but i wouldn't know really cuz i ain't gay...but still tho	10
trying to learn how to work with bf who we believe has bipolar/manic depression hello all, i met my bf in september of this last summer. we hit it off immediately and haven't spent much time apart since. i am 100% infatuated with him, i love everything about him. the thing is though, throughout the relationship he has been very moody, hot and cold, distant, and on occasions mean. i constantly have to remind myself that he has been through a lot, his family never treated him well and he isn't very open about it but i know there was some sort of physical abuse along with severe emotional and verbal abuse, he just like i left home at an early age for our generation. him 17, me 18. i can relate to him on the emotional and verbal abuse, but one thing my parents were not was physical with me. he did not even have his own room through childhood, he slept on the couch with no dresser, walls, or any sense of individuality. his parents stopped hugging him at age 4 and would refuse to pick him up, they never said "i love you". that is the one that gets me, i think that is a big part of his mental health 'disorder'. he does not know how to be loved, let alone love someone. i think he feels very strongly for me, i really do think he loves me but i don't think he knows what to do with a feeling like that. so i think he gets frustrated with 1. his depression/anxiety/bipolar, 2. the fact that he doesn't know how to love or receive love, 3. how loving i am. i can overdo it i'm sure. i've really tried to be as understand as possible with him but sometimes it becomes too much. i've never put up with someone calling me the names he's called me and actions he's done, he has never hit me and i dont see that as a possibility but he does get angry very easily. i try to control mine as i know two angry people is way worse than one, but after a while the yelling and name calling that can occurs when he is angry just sets me over the edge, as i do believe that i deserve some respect, despite the fact he does have the issues he is dealing with. he does not have insurance right now, will be getting it soon and hopefully going to see a specialist. basically i'm asking if anyone has any tips or advice. i'm not used to his love language and i really need help figuring it out. i do not want to leave him/lose him. tl;dr my bf of the last 9 months has manic depression/ bipolar and went through a very abusive childhood, doesn't really understand what love it. i just need some help understanding him/his disorder/ his love language. thank you to all the wonderful redditors on this sub	3
i need your thoughts on this. m(22) i've been together with a girl since start of november. it was a good friend of my and a fellow student. i'm m(22) she is f(21). the first two weeks was amazing but soon she closed down. neglected the relationship and went cold towards me. it continued until january 21st where we had exam for the semester. once that was over i told her of my frustrations with how i felt neglected and that i didn't feel like there was a relationship. i explained that things had to change, she had to put in an effort and intiative. as well as decide if the relationship meant something to her. if she wanted to pursue it. now a month later i'm confronting her tomorrow. she has not started to take iniative or interrest in what makes me feel loved and cared for. and she still doesn't want me to meet her parents. tomorrow i'll ask her if she wants to be with me. both emotionally and physically. and if she doesn't wanna open up and let me be part of her life outside when we are alone at her place. then i feel i have no choice but to breakup. because since november this relationship has caused me much pain, frustration and time. and i feel lonely and used. reddit i hope you can give me your constructive opinions as jodel is a cancer bin. tl;dr my girlfriend bassicly haven't taken initative or interrest in me or our relationship for 4 months and i'm breaking up tomorrow most likely. do you think that's justified?	2
since i started weightlifting ive started to be become insecure & feel weak. a few years ago i was obese. i live in a house where being "chubby" is encouraging and being skinny is frowned upon. when i lost he weight i was called anorexic and repeated jokes about me sticking my finger in my throat to throw up. they never really stopped but i kept going. i went from 308 lbs to 159 lbs. at the time i had extreme social anxiety so i couldn't "step up" my fitness journey (weightlifting) but a few weeks after high school i started. before all of this i started weightlifting i kinda started to get my self esteem up since it was really low since i had social anxiety. i've always had "man boobs" it's genetic since my body fat is pretty low now and they're still there. i started to feel confident about them but... since i started working out though.. my chest has "grown" and the muscle under the fat started pushing the fat out aka they look bigger now.. which made my confidence shitty again. also, since i started weightlifting i had a slow start. in the beginning literally every muscle would shake so much not sure why but it has somewhat stopped now. i've improved but i feel like it's not much. me starting this hobby has made me realize i'm so weak so yeah.. that's the story of how working out has made my life shittier.	2
is west nile or any mosquito diseases something to worry about i despise bug spray. the smell, the feel, the chemicals in it. yuck. my mom always is saying to wear it in the summer. i am 27 . she still calls me to tell me that. i never used to really wear bug spray as a kid. still dont really. but now im paranoid about west nile and other mosquito spread diseases. what are your thoughts? do you use alot of mosquito spray in the sunmer?	1
idk what i did, bois. ive been texting this girl constantly for the past 2ish months, we even moved from snapchat to *texting* because it seems more personal. but for the past week or so, she has been answering very poorly, like only a few times a day. no longer saying goodnight, only saying goodmorning if i do. yesterday we got in like 5 texts tbh, and in the gap of many hours between her answering me she literally put something on her snapchat story. yikes. so as she kept not answering, for over 8 hours, i would just occasionally check and see if she was active on any social media, and she was all the time. yikes pt 2. she literally didnt answer me past 2pm yesterday, yet she was on her phone literally constantly throughout the day. and to top things off, she told me this morning that she had no service, no internet, all day yesterday. so uh, yikes pt 3. i have no idea what i did. but she honestly was one of, if not the most, trustworthy people i knew. not so much now tbh	10
i just talked to my little sister and brother. disclaimer: am a drunk fuck and only child, got my siblings when i was 18. that said. even though my problems we have always had a connection. me taking them out to eat or to swim or play football. i moved overseas when they where 8 and still kept brief calls to check up on everything. today they are 12... we just had a 2hour conversation about everything. i feel so happy that we still connected and the memories that they have! they remember everything that we did and they really appreciate it! i gave them my best that i could while being on a coke/alcohol bender (now am just an alcoholic) and the feelings just come back to me. spending time at the swimming pool, making a barbecue, talking on the phone, teaching them to write, teaching them the guitar. it's so sick they even remember my old girlfriends. and we had such a great time speaking on viber. i'm going to see them on november! i can't wait to teach them math, grammar and the piano. i really love them and they love me because i spended time with them! what i want to say is... if you got younger siblings, half or whatever, take care of that. ain't nothing stronger than family	3
hello, to everyone who reads this post. i've posted on here a few times already doing posts like these and i'm sorry if some people don't like these kind of posts. i shouldn't be sorry because i don't know any of you or don't know the people who read this, but i do feel like i have to apologize in advance. honestly everytime i'm in a down mood, i like to post here because it makes me feel better to spread some kind of positivity, even if people may take is as a hollow statement or gesture. it's nice being a kind stranger and being thoughtful and receive it back, but there's nothing better than that, truly. but this is the best to work with and i wish i could spread love to everyone and hope the happiest for everyone and hope the best. i know, why can't i just be that way and act that way to myself so then maybe i can try to be happier? i do. but i've lost strength doing that. i just want the thoughtfulness and kindness of this post to matter to those who aren't having a good day like me, or maybe even for awhile now like me. but none the less... i hope you're having a great day and keep the love going. love, happiness, and peace can really change the world, no matter how corny or cliche that sounds i love you, whoever you are and i hope the best for you. sidenote: i can understand if people may think, "if you don't have the strength to be happy, why should others just suddenly have the strength to be happy?" i understand. but that's why it's good try to spread some happiness to others, wither they need it or want it or not want it. if i can try to spread love/happiness, even if i can't do it for myself, i at least can try to do it for others. i'm just that kind of person and i always put other in front of me. thank you for your time to read this. to keep this relevant with the sub.... music can really define the mood i'm in and i really put my emotions into songs when i'm feeling a certain way. for example, i have yesterday in my head because i long for the things back then in my life. what song or songs define a certain mood you're in?	6
my friends have been shipping me with my crush even though they don't know i like her. there's this girl i've liked for nearly two years now and only a few months after i began to like her, my friends began to ship the two of us without having done anything show affection towards her. they didn't really have any solid reasons for doing it either. i denied having a crush on her to avoid my friends bombarding me with question and such like they have my other friends. recently they have changed what they've been saying about us from simply saying we should date to claiming that we both secretly like each other and just don't want to admit it. i of course do but i shrugged off the idea of her liking me back. until recently. recently when anyone would talk about us getting together, rather than simply dismissing it like before, she now hides away by putting her in front of her face. i was recently forced by my friends to get an instagram account and so far she's liked every single post i've made. she's also been sending me memes directly instead of to the group chat and even asked me to play roblox with her the other night. (however i had to decline the offer due to unforeseen circumstances ). if these aren't hints then i don't know what is. yesterday she asked in the group chat if anyone wanted to see far from home with her and i was the only one who accepted the offer. tomorrow we'll be going and i hope to god i don't chicken like i've done before. wish me luck boys.	14
it's paying off the past three years of university have been very difficult for me. i have struggled with some serious self doubt and frequent depression. i had to add a semester on to my degree plan. i was never a straight a student, even though a lot of my colleagues are. as a nursing student i go to the hospital and basically work as an rn. this semester i worked in a psychiatric hospital which was honestly nerve wracking because of the state some of the patients were in. some were unmedicated violent patients, psychotic or severely suicidal. it made me depressed to be in that environment but i continued to do my best. i was emailed by my professor that he had nominated me for a clinical nursing excellence award. he told me that i am highly organised and have everything it takes to be a great rn. i cant remember the last time someone gave me a compliment that meant something to me, and ho estly, just from this i feel like i am starting new. i have hope now that i will graduate and do good in this world. thanks for reading just wanted to tell someone.	18
hello fellow kids, it is me, also a youth. i'm actually 26 but i got my drivers permit today and i'm really excited. other adults aren't excited because they see it as kid stuff. but like hell yeah im gonna drive.	0
you are cool ive banished the shitposting demon so here we are	0
shooting someone in paintball amd causing a massive fight buckle up guys! this is a long one but sooo worth it. heres a bit of context, i was a part of this after school club that organized a paintball trip for the first time in decades! the amount of participants in the trip was a lil over 20 and the majority of them happen to be friends of mine. fast-forward to the paintball arena, each person is assigned to one of two teams. me & sam (a friend of mine) happen to be on opposing teams so we trash talk about how were gonna take each other down and enter the arena pumped up. they explain to us in there that each member has a tag wrapped around their arm. the color of the tag corresponds to the color of their teammates tags. problem is, the place was too dark to see the colors. they also tell us to yell "freeze!" to anyone within a 2m radius as a safety rule. game starts and all hell breaks loose, people are throwing grenades and shooting aimlessly but not me. im on a mission to take down sam since i know hes gunning for me. i manage to sneak behind enemy lines and get a few kills. then...it happened... this 7ft arab dude catches me off guard and whispers "so whats the plan?" right in my ear. i jump in the air and do a 180 degree turn followed by "freeze!" but he was confused. he said "what are you doing?", i was still panicking since my instincts took over so...i shot him....5 fucking times. he yells "what the fuck is wrong with you?!", so the referee escorts him off the arena and the game continues. i didnt really think much of it until it was time to leave. we all wait outside for the bus and thats when the arab dude rushes towards sam and shoves him into the wall. he doesnt even give sam room to ask whats going on before swinging a punch. i get in between the two of them since i was the biggest guy in the group (humble brag) and push them both away. thats when the arab dude yells "how can you be such a bitch and shoot your own fucking teammates?!". thats when it hits me, there are only two black guys in the group. me & sam. this arab dude must have mistaken me for sam when i crossed into their area. they were both given a warning by the club leader which defused the fight. i took the secret with me to my grave. to this day sam is confused as to why that guy attacked him tl;dr: unintentionally instigated a fight between two people.	1
guys, i just want to say u/le_monke321 is a very cool person and i hope her feet stop being cold	2
sadness i wrote a note to a girl and today was the last day of school and i couldn't deliver it to her so i had a friend of hers deliver it and she hasn't texted me yet.	14
it just dawned on me i've never seen a corgi in person i *love* corgis but just now realized all the ones i've seen are in pictures. it feels like my whole life is a lie. are they even real??? are they just a hoax perpetuated by reddit??? i don't know what to believe anymore	4
i [19f] can't fully trust my so [22m] after drawing another girl and sending it to her. can i trust him again? backstory: my boyfriend \[22m\] and i \[19f\] have been together for about eight months now and it's ldr. everything has been great, and we try our best to visit each other when we can. long story short, one of his hobbies is drawing and he's actually pretty good at drawing people specifically. we have a lot of mutual friends through greek life and it's how we met too. there was an incident that happened a couple months ago where he saw a girl's selfie on instagram and was "inspired" to draw her. but the thing is, he drew it in the type of way that made her look more flattering? (or at least this was his perception of her? kinda like that anime-ish style) and i found out because she put it on her insta story tagging him. saying "oh my gosh, thanks for making my day @him <3". he's only ever met her once at a party we went to together, and i personally see her often when i go out. of course, when i saw her story i got really jealous and furious. like the idea of him sitting around for awhile drawing this girl into detail that he thought was really good looking and then proceeding to send it to her made me really upset. and i confronted him saying i didn't care about him drawing, but the fact that he sent it to her made me extremely uncomfortable and what he did could be seen as something else. heck if some guy drew a cute picture of myself that i met once at a party i'd be either creeped out or flattered depending. but she clearly was happy from his gesture. he responds by saying that i'm overreacting, that he made her day, that in no way that it's cheating, accusing me of being controlling by not letting him draw girls (which i didn't even say at all) and that he didn't even know that she was going to post it on her story. even then i'm still just so upset at the fact that he sent it to her. like look, i wouldn't have cared if they were close buddies, but dude you only met her once. he even went as far as using pornstars' as an argument on how they separate work from their love lives; okay buddy your drawing is just a hobby like did you really have to pull that out. in conclusion, the fight was bad, but we eventually talked it out and he said he misunderstood me and won't ever do that again. the fight took a toll on me and made me question my trust for him a little, considering he was arguing how happy he made the other girl and that i was overreacting to begin with when he should've just understood how uncomfortable it made me. my insecurities and fears got the better of me and one weekend when he came to visit, i went through his phone while he was sleeping. and lo and behold, i found out he lied to me about not knowing she was going to post it because she explicitly asked for a better pic for her to post it, which he happily sent. and the conversation went like this: him: hey! i saw your pic on insta and wanted to draw you <3 her: oh my gosh!! this looks better than me, thanks so much!! can i have a better pic to post on insta? him: sure! and don't say that, it's you so of course you look good :) her: (heart emojis) thanks so much you made my day!! <3 i was pretty guilty snoopy and finding out he lied messed me up on top of my fear becoming true that she was going to be so sweet on him for the gesture. i told him what i did and what i found out. and ever since then the trust in our relationship took a blow and sometimes i catch myself wondering what else he's hid from me. with how the fight went down, and me resorting to what i did, i wonder if the trust can ever go back to the way it was. even though he forgives me for going through his phone and understanding why i did. he's aware of how much damage was done and tries to prove to me that he won't ever hide things me again and wants to regain my trust. things have been going fine ever since, but what happened still eats at me now. what should i do and can the trust ever go back to the way it once was? tldr: bf draws a girl's selfie on instagram and dm's it to her. i saw it on her story and confronted him, this lead to a full blown fight that left some damage. i went through his phone and found out he lied to me about her posting it and saw how sweet they were with each other in the messages exchanged. we're trying to rebuild the trust, but is there already too much damage?	6
boys i need your attention i asked out my crush and she said she loved me like a brother. i'm laughing on the outside and crying on the inside.	1
me when my brother slaps me and hits me on my birthday he also told me to kms and called me a whore and shit like that	0
i've officially been clean for over a month no cuts, only scars and i'm super proud	8
bored out of my mind camping basically the story is, i'm in boy scouts (or just scouts now ) and at a summer camp. currently 2:50 in the morning the day we leave. i'm as packed as i can be for right this minute, and i don't want to go back to sleep. what should i do. also i suppose if anybody has questions i can answer them	11
if you have gum stuck on your shoe are you stuck to it or is it stuck to you? i really cant think straight	10
f in the chat for big tit girls who think guys still like big boobs y'all ain't a thing anymore.	1
i can't post images i'm pretty sure it's cause the mods deleted one of my posts yesterday for being "nsfw" smh	7
bro your penis is looking like a mushroom bro	5
lesbians and bi girls hmu <3 filler filler filler filler filler fuck auto mod filler filler filler filler	13
my teacher is looking out for me hardcore. so you know how in t.v shows or movies there's that teacher that looks out for one of the characters like they will bail them out of jail or like the will remove a shitty mark or something. i honestly thought that was an acting thing but this teacher is seriously something else. basically i'm doing my last project of the semester and i had the stomach flu for about a week and i'm pretty bad at this project, there was absolutely no way i was going to have this done in time and i probably would've failed the class. today, to my surprise, i sat down at my desk and my robot was completely different. it was finished. he smiled and told me "huh, looks like a miracle happened." this guy, who doesn't owe me anything and who i argue with all the time took the time to re assemble my whole project so i could pass. this isn't even the first time he's covered for me either. i was really late to my second period class and i told my teacher that i was doing something for my last period teacher (the teacher finished my robot) and she asked me to get a note from him confirming this and of course, he came through with the save. i don't know why but he's just taken me under his wing. he's a great dude. just really made my day amazing :) especially after getting an earful from my second period teacher telling me i'm not going anywhere edit: should've mentioned this final project is worth %30 of my mark	9
are you the weather in texas? cuz you're hot and you're making things hard	17
i feel like i have a really weird taste in music hi everybody! recently just found this nice sub reddit so thought i'd post something that's really been on my mind. i have always been told by my friends that i have had a super weird taste (for a teenage boy) in music and i would describe it as..... broad? i'll just list some songs and albums that i love. shoulda been there ft. b.o.b. - sevyn streeter magnets ft. lorde - disclosure the entire lemonade album by beyonce a fever you can't sweat out - panic! at the disco (the whole album) anything made by pentatonix or lady leshurr or florence + the machine blurryface - twentyonepilots (the album) the pinkprint - nicki minaj (the album) there are a lot of songs i love but my main question is, is it weird to like these types of music if you are a teenage boy?? from past experiences, i didn't respond well to my friends teasing me for the music i listen to. sooooooo i thought a bunch of nice strangers online can judge me instead thanks! edit : wow! my first post in this subreddit and such a quick and nice response! why can't everything be like this lmao	8
stressing over how to message someone over tinder oh boy, they never said that dating as an adult would be this hard. in all seriousness, i've decided it's about time to put myself back out on the market, but there's one dilema that i've run into. i'm just having difficulties with starting off on that first message. i usually just wanna hit people with an "hey, nice to meet you, how has your day been?", but i feel that this might just come off as boring. so if you don't mind me asking, how would you like to be approached if you were on a dating site like tinder? i appreciate your help and hope that you have a nice rest of your night/day, thanks!	1
taking a date into a life or death situation to impress her i met this very attractive girl at a house party. things went well. very well. the morning after, we talked a bit and decided to keep in contact. stuck for exciting first date ideas, i defaulted to my favourite passion - mountaineering. to my surprise and delight she agreed enthusiastically. absolutely brilliant. the journey there goes well. we're chatty and flirty, and the weather is crisp and clear. we reach the start of the climb bright and early, with enough time to complete it. as we climb, i'm assessing her fitness and confidence. she seems confident, warm, and fit enough. at this point i should tell everyone it's the middle of the coldest winter we've had for thirty years. thick snow abound, we proceed upwards. although we are obviously underequipped, i make the decision that the conditions permit summiting, with a little care. halfway up and it's stunning. the view from the top will be insane. she's beginning to be a little tired, but her spirit is strong. it's still fairly early in the day so we can slow down a bit. the snow and ice are a little thicker here (2ft, 60cm), so i can see why she's tiring. from my experience on the mountain, we'll summit and return to base within maybe four hours, just an hour after sunset. she's a little quieter now, in retrospect because she's struggling and too proud to say. she gets snow in her boots, but i have spare socks. she reveals it's her first ever mountain climbing trip. i am slightly concerned but she assures me she wants to complete it. the clouds thicken, but we're an hour from the summit and i know we can make it. the wind picks up, hitting 50mph (80kmh). i have a thick beard so i'm fine, but she isn't. i lend her face protection, and she assures me again she's fit to complete it, although she looks frozen and exhausted. we soon summit. temperatures are hitting -12c and wind speed is now approaching 65mph. spindrift is making it hard to see more than fifty meters. thick cloud and fog had blown in, and we're two hours behind schedule. she's shivering uncontrollably and it's getting dark. there's no shelter, no respite, no hiding from the bone chilling wind. the path is dangerously close to the leeward slope, which drops off a 600m (1800 foot) cliff. in this weather, cornicing (dangerous ice that overhangs cliffs) is a risk, and i can no longer see the safe route. we can't stay on the summit and we can't descend by the only known safe route. emergency situations. we light our torches and i check our map. there's a grade 3 gully (a steep scree scramble) about a kilometre along the ridge. i weigh up the odds of us surviving in a snow cave overnight. they're not good. we're going to have to descend. she's holding back tears and obviously unhappy. our torches light up, mine dazzlingly bright against the virgin snow. hers less so. after an hour of hard walking through snow at times up to our shoulders, we reach the gully. looking down, i see nothing but fog, ice, and inky blackness. my head torch lights up jagged rocks hundreds of meters below. it's our only route and we have no choice, unless we want to freeze to death. we discuss it and decide we'd rather risk a fall. her torch dies. fuck. we begin the descent, knowing if we slip we'll tumble 700 meters to our deaths. there is no chance whatsoever of survival if we fuck up, although i try to distract and reassure her. she's a booky city girl and this is her first outdoors experience, so she trusts me, even though i can see her physically shaking from fear. although we are a little sheltered from the wind it is hitting 80mph (136kmh) in some parts of the gullies. spindrift (microscopic particles of ice driven by wind) races up to us, burning our eyes and faces. we have no protection for it beyond a scarf, which she uses. i give her the only pair of gloves we have, tolerating the icy cold on my hands. we descend painstakingly slowly, maybe a hundred metres an hour. it takes us eight hours of anxiety-ridden, bitterly cold climbing with just one headlight to make it down safely. i go twenty meters ahead of her each time, leaving her in the cold and dark while i find a good route. the panic is audible in her voice and i know if she breaks she's going to flip out and probably kill us both. i'm calm and professional, talking her through each handhold and step as she comes towards me. she's scared and slow, and inside i know our chances of dying are uncomfortably high. eventually we make it, but it's not over yet. at the bottom, we take a moment to recover our wits, but i know there's more. we have to cross a kilometre of bog, and then over a waist-deep river with a thin layer of ice on it. i carry her some of the way, feeling guilty for getting her into this mess. she's mostly dry, but i'm soaked and borderline hypothermic. the effort of movement is the only thing keeping me warm, and if i stop i know i'll freeze in minutes. my torch begins to die as we make it back to a path i recognise, and by the time we reach the road (at 1am) it's barely a flicker. we've missed the last bus. she puts a brave face on it, but i know we're too cold to stay out long. we put out our thumbs for a lift, and after an hour a kind lady stops and drives us to somewhere warmer. we get in the car, and she breaks down, losing her temper with me and crying. i sit mutely, knowing i deserve it and that i nearly killed her. we make it home safely and never speak properly again. she's unfriended me on facebook. i'm just glad she didn't murder me as i slept on the way home i think she looks back on it fondly but it was a disaster. tl:dr bag a date with a hot girl, and proceed to nearly get her killed on a terrifying yet thrilling winter mountain climb in a blizzard, with no winter equipment. i don't think she realises how close it was.	1
is it just me? is it just me but whenever i see a nice waitress with nice looks and all (not thick just hella nice) i fall in love with her and wish that i was the same age and we could mary and have kids	5
i have a confession (tw// mentally scarring,gut wrenching) i used to watch and laugh at lele pons' content. i genuinely found it funny for a while	7
damn my parnets really talking about putting my cat down	15
i hate talking on the phone i have a friend who will randomly call me mid-text and i almost always ignore the call.i like having conversations in person or via text but i hate talking on the phone. it fills me up with unnecessary angst and i'm usually doing something, so a phone call is an irritating, disruptive nuisance. unless it's an emergency, please don't call me!	4
you can be anything you want to be i choose reddit addict	0
if all my friends were jumping off a bridge it would be my idea	0
chernobyl incident (#l# ) the accident at the chernobyl nucleus power plant occured in like april 26, 1986 in ukraine some man told his people to keep pumping that radiation stuff and it exploded, pretty nice explosion until people got exposed and their offsprings looked odd, people died earlier due to radiation exposure and sickness happened a lot and central nerbous system failure was wayyy more radiation than that japan one in ww2. so like half a million people were involved cleaning up chernobyl and now it's kinda safe today oh yeah the city next to the plant, is a ghost town a lot of people died and will die in the near future cause of it if this wasn't cleaned up, europeans will be in danger i guess	5
recently started dating my best friend of 12 years. anyone else in the same boat? tl;dr: so... the title pretty much says it all. who else has done this? i've (33,f) recently started dating my best friend (32,m) of 12 years, we've always had a very obvious attraction to each other but until recently never really acknowledged it past flirting when we get drunk (only ever when we have both been single). a bit if background. we have always got on really well, have an incredibly open relationship and can talk about anything, there is never any sort of judgement or embarrassment. we have had periods of time where we have 'lost contact' i put it like that as it has always stemmed from one of us having a partner that dislikes/feels threatened by our friendship and have decided to 'ban' us from talking to each other. side note: it never actually worked because first and foremost we have an incredibly strong friendship and though it would be far less often we would still always find ways to check in with each other. there have also always been lots of 'convenient' excuses; we're both already with people (or at least one of us is), we don't want to ruin our friendship and mostly we were just scared to actually face up to it. so we have recently (the last month or so) actually faced it and decided to give it a go. it's a really strange thing going from just friends to being openly affectionate with each other, but at the same time seems like the most natural thing ever. mutual friends (and his mum) have all seemed to breathe a collective sigh of relief that we've finally got together. no pressure or anything! has anyone else been in this boat? what were the best and more importantly worst bits of it for you?	1
my parents who've been working abroad for 32 years will be retiring next month! i live in a developing country to which skilled workers had to earn more to sustain their family needs. with this, my parents chose a career outside the country. they usually visit 45 days a year. in between those days, we skype or chat via facebook. but next month, they are going home for good. i'm just excited to spend more time with them!!! any activity you could suggest for family bonding? we are a family of 5 (63f, 62m, 25f, 24m, 20m).	6
some guy said girls like me r cool bc i was showing him memes (later virgins)	0
i'm missing 116 assignments on school it would take me 23.5 hours nonstop to complete it i want to dieeeee	4
it's actually insane how absolutely unproductive i've become like i can't even get off my mobile for a few minutes, i'm constantly distracted by anything and everything. tbh it really doesn't take much to distract me	3
a girl online called me a pussy and a bitch, cause i said i don't want to have sex on the first date. fun times	1
please, writing feedback needed! i've started writing short stories for fun, but i haven't been getting far... i would just really like some feedback, as brutally honest (and ideally constructive) as possible. i've discovered i love writing, and i just want to get better at it. i post on /r/tdmstories, which are copies of my /r/writingprompts responses. they aren't long, they take me about half an hour to write. any responses greatly appreciated!	6
tifu by miss pronouncing my girlfriends last name. i had just ran a 5k and was very tired. shortly after finishing the race i got to meet my girlfriends dad for the first time. i greeted him happily addressing him as mr. (my girlfriends last name ) but becouse i was so tired i mixed up the last name with someone else's similar last name. shortly after talking to him and saying fair well, i came to the realisation of what i just did. the next time i seen my girlfriend she informed me that her father thought i was a screw up and he didn't like me. what a grate first impression!	1
praise our lord and savior peanut made by the scp-173 gang	0
i need bucket list ideas i only have one year left to live and i'm only 16. anyway there's nothing i can do about that but i want to make a bucket list because i don't want to spend my last year just playing video games and doing nothing. could you guys please give me some ideas for what i can put on my bucket list. thanks	6
petition to rename the emoji the dinnerbone emoji	12
hey everyone it's ur friendly uncle larry. stop using reddit and get yo ass here	17
anyone watch my hero academia? froppy be kinda very cute tho	5
yoo i finally got unsuspended i'm finally off off my alt so cool u/mehateeveryone i got 300 karmas on that thing and the acc ain't even 4 days old yet	0
it's time for some friday night q's!!! 1. what do you have planned for the weekend? 2. what are you looking forward to? 3. what's is/are your personality flaw(s)? 4. house, townhouse or high-rise condo? 5. what did you have for dinner tonight? **op** 1. not a whole lot, not getting paid until the end of the month so lying low, relaxing and unpacking. 2. getting paid currently 3. anxiety, temper, little patience 4. i'm torn between the high-rise and the townhouse tbh. love the views and the centralized location a high-rise offer, but man they aren't cheap. townhouse would also be nice, but need to have 2 car garage. i've seen too many times people in townhouses turn their garage in to a storage unit. 5. leftover chicken, pb&j, and some cheese-its	1
she only really texts me after 6pm shes seems nice but like hmmmmm	7
my mom just told me some family drama i love having a toxic and manipulative grandma	18
the moment you check the upvote on your comment and it's at 4, but then you reload and it goes down to 3	13
anyone here been to a protest that heated up or a riot? i always wondered what it looks like, is it like a big crowd of people surrounded by cops from all sides? or is it just a wall of cops and you can just leave at any time to the sides? no violence talk or anything, just what was the overall layout of the event?	10
i'm in a weird mood... i can't quite describe it but i'll have a go. there's this sort of tightness in my chest and a sort of warm feeling in my head. i don't think i'm sick or anything but yeah... i might just go eat some chocolate	1
dae have long-ish moments of staring into space completely disconnected from everything? eyes completely unfocused, can't really hear if someone talks to me, not like physically, but it just doesn't register. i stay like that for some seconds, until my brain decides its time to go back to reality. i don't usually think of anything in those moments, it's like i'm going to sleep briefly i've done this ever since i can remember. it used to freak my mom out cause i would just go blank for a bit and she would talk to me and i would just not hear a word she said. it definitely happened a lot more when i was younger, but it still happens sometimes. i never really thought about it until i noticed people didn't understand it, assuming i'm just daydreaming about something, when it's really just... the void haha	9
im so horny :3 :3 e: send me tiddy	15
your boy got a compliment from a cute girl that's it. two days after and it still feels cool.	0
it really cracks me up that ultron spent 15 seconds on the internet and said "yeah they all have to die"	4
i needed an 85 to get into honors next year i have an 84.25	4
any tips for first date questions? especially when you (26m) think you've asked (28f) her enough. we met on an app (hinge) she sent me the like and first thing i did was comment on her profile and then ask if she" liked small talk ." she said she liked enough so that we weren't total strangers on the first date. so we chatted. i asked her what she liked doing for fun, how she came here since she had her birth location somewhere else. i asked how she relieved stress, she asked my fav cocktail. we talked for about a week and then i combined her "ideal first date" with her cocktail choice and now we are getting brunch somewhere kinda classy tomorrow on the patio. problem is idk what to say. i've asked all the questions i care about. hopefully the mimosas will loosen me up. i know exactly how to greet her and say goodbye, but i know everything i care about. work, education, and politics don't bother me in a relationship. so i don't ask those but maybe i should. do i ask about her family? i know her dad was a navy vet...like me. do i ask what he did? the only thing i know to ask is about travel, since she said she enjoys it. thank you for your time. tldr: i've exhausted all my questions about things i care about in a relationship prior to first date, what now?	1
ever got a red cheeks emoji from a girl? i have a very few girl friends. just yesterday when i was talking to one of them, she sent me a red cheek emoji ( ). i just couldn't feel that i could get any closer than this. xd seriously. anything like this happened to you guys? *she also calls me "hun"*	6
can people stop ghosting me it makes me sad lol like i wanna talk to u can u not its annnoyyinngggg ughhh	7
honestly, thank god for nightmode	16
my balls itch my doctor says it's call media	4
whats ur guy's favorite song? got any music recommendations ive been listening to the same stuff for weeks	15
it's my birthday tomorrow but no one cares	2
no life? yeah, i don't have any... i feel so terrible because of it. all i've been doing lately is working on my stuff. my friend just cancelled plans we had for tomorrow. she is also my only friend in real life i have.. i must be doing something wrong but i can't figure out what... i'll probably go shopping all by myself tomorrow how do you get friends? how do you get to like yourself? i have no clue :) i am 17 already and i still have never experienced anything at all.. maybe if i was more desirable i'd have more friends?	12
shoutout to my professor you changed the weights of all our projects and labs after the final, which caused me to drop from a 94% to a 89%. i'm sure you felt very kind for raising my grade back up to a 90% because you felt i worked hard enough for it. you successfully dropped my 4.0 gpa to a 3.8! i hope you're pleased with yourself	12
anyone else notice their phone blowing up with spam calls ever since submitting their number to those net neutrality sites that popped up on reddit a couples weeks ago? i've never received so much spam in my life! something seems fishy	10
what's this? going to bed at a normal time? ha! i'm so proud of myself	5
closed down cod and now my ps5 crashes on me :/ loving the next gen experience filerrrrrrrrrr _______________	8
helppppp so i like this girl and we've been snapping non stop and i'm not her #1 bsf yet so idk if she's talking to other people and i'm picking up the wrong signals or if she like me. im not good at picking up signals	1
debutante ball full explanation okay homies i am going to the deb with a cool girl at my school . though she is discussing with her parents about the pricing there is an 80% success rate with her going. anyways my main point is that i still have no clue what the fuck deb is. yeah i get it's a dance and it's very formal but can someone like give me a breakdown on what like actually happens on the night (in australia for context, but i guess they are all similar) i watched a person vlog her deb and that shit looks scary as hell. like walking down crossing arms with a girl is one thing for me (yeah i'm super socially awkward) but having my parents and her parents filming us and probably gonna upload it to facebook is probably gonna be the shit that kills me lol. so anyways can someone make an entire list of things that happen on the night? thank you all :))	0
lucid dreaming is cool i am not a virgin in the dreamworld, cya virgins!	0
psst. hey you check this out... if you're human your super cool. get nay nayed non-humans. sorry if you think thats rascist	0
i have thalassophobia and just bought xbox game pass time to play subnautica edit: i dont have the balls to jump in so ima just chill looking at the top of the water :)	0
i have no sympathy for straight people who constantly have to make it known that they're straight. they deserve all the harassment they get. sorry shawn mendes, i don't feel sorry for you you should feel ashamed to be straight. not proud. i'm tired of this straight pride bs and straights showcasing their straightness everywhere. literally no one cares about straight people anymore.	11
cool one month very epic filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	0
hip dips? you notice them? ok ok lads? do you notice hip dips? i'm so self conscious about mine	13
yo boi got a date wish me luck bois, it's at some court and i'm getting a big letter later virgins	0
anyone else relate? so when i was like 10 i was discovering porn and on my ipod 4 (coolkidgang ) i searched up "child porn" cause my retard ass thought why the hell would i wanna see someone older than me? so i search it up and fuck me in the ass o found a site that had animals fucking girls. i was like "ok cool but that's not whatbik looking for" and just went to go play on my ds or something. i wasn't even on fucking incognito mode. i was such a fuckin idiot goddamn.	0
make an assumption about me based on my profile go on im interested in what y'all will say	5
should i give up on him? i(20f) have a crush on a boy(23) that i met some time ago in a theatre group. at the beginning he didn't even know i exist, but he needed to borrow a hat for his play, so he wrote a post on facebook and i commented that i can lend it him. then he texted me and we had a nice conversation, but then we haven't been texting for a long time. after play i texted him and congratulated on the play and he responded after few hours. then when i met him at theatre group he only said 'hi' and was telling me that he forgot to take hat that i lend him. a week later, when i was ill i texted him that i wouldn't be on the meeting this day, so he doesn't have to carry the hat with him. then we were texting for a whole day. after all i have no idea if he likes me, i think he doesn't, but i am not sure and i don't know what to do and i don't want to come across as desperate l or miss an opportunity. sorry for my bad english	1
for grad and bday present i took my son to get laps in his dream car. <url> he's liked a nissan gtr for a long time now and living in vegas, we have the chance for him to take it around a race track. he's crazy stoked and not gonna lie, little jealous... so i got myself laps in a porsche	9
don't you just hate it when you playing a romantic furry visual novels during class and you see one of the love interests in a jockstrap i been always told that i shouldn't be distracted during class buttttttttttttttttttttt...	5
attention attention something very important i just took a huge ogre shit	0
is reddit working right for yous? its isnt for me	2
boy don't you love being told by your friends that they can't make it and then seeing on their stories that they hanged out anyways without you	12
speedrunning making a girl mad just say u agree with what she says	0
im only 3 paychecks away from getting a pc!! technically i could buy it in 2 paychecks if i like...don't eat food or pay for necessities. but, sadly necessities are needed still 3 weeks is gonna fly by! by next year i might having my first gaming pc ever, hopefully that will be a good start to my 2021	4
i (25m) want an extremely hot girl to tell me whether or not i'm hot and be brutally honest. any volunteers? i'll give you my snapchat i guess i'm not even joking i just need to know	1
selfie chain!!!11!1!! hey guys wanna start a selfie chain? just bored lol i'll go first <url> <-- me	8
please distract me from my homework. math is killing me and suffering from post festival depression badly	15
my belly is so big i want it to be small my big belly rly makes me cry man	2
fuckkkkk to the person who sent a chat dm sorry i deleted ur invitation before seeing what u wrote or ur u/ pls dm again promise im not ignoring you ^stg ^if ^its ^a ^porn ^bot	13
being 19. hi everyone! i hope you have a great day. i just needed to express some thoughts i had last days. so in some days i'm gonna be 19. i'm not planning to go out clubbing or something :p i'll just gather with the people i love most and we will pass some great time together. it really relaxes me when i think about this picture. but it gets me stressed too. because you know there's this voice in my head saying "it's just the same day as every other is. it doesn't matter. your birthday isn't anything special." so it makes me sad and stressed out about this day. okay i know i'm acting like a typical 18 year old here..sorry but anyways this is not my problem. i don't have a problem actually i'm just in a situation. well, right now my really "familiar circle" is created by three people. my parents and my boyfriend (long term relationship but we're not going to marry and have kids because for some reason people expect me to want to have kids in my 19s'). but all of us we have immigrated to another country. i don't hate it here, i can see the actual benefits that this country provides for my loved ones and me as well. i just don't like it, i can't connect to the atmosphere here. i feel that i don't belong here. so this makes me want to leave. it gives me impulsive thoughts - thoughts, not behaviour - such us becoming a flight attendant in order to be as absent as possible from this country, or making a europe tour next summer (when i know it's pretty hard to organise such a thing and i also know that there are things that i haven't even thought of) and many more. being a flight attendant is a dream..but i don't know if this it what "my heart wants" so i feel insecure. practically it's something i can actually do since i have the qualities for this job. but i don't know if i want to. i do not have a plan b and i honestly can't imagine what i actually want to become. i don't want to go to university because i *hate* studying much so this doesn't leaves me with many choices. if things were different i wouldn't care for this that much since i know that someone who has been on earth for 19 years is almost impossible to know exactly what they want. but i feel so stressed and lost. it literally conquers my mind every day the thought of my future. it overwhelms me. and i can't control it so i end up worrying so much that i'm not doing anything and then i am complaining on reddit about doing anything. i really love life, i love nature, i love music, i love walking and exploring, i love traveling..my mind is still like a 5 year old that wants to explore the world..i don't feel like choosing a job that i should have for the next 40 years. i mean it's too much that i can't. 40 years = 2 times my lifetime... so at the end of the day inaction makes me feel that on the inside i'm like 80 years old i feel like a grandma i feel like i have a full life that waits for me but i'm too coward to go on and grasp it because i don't know what to do with it..	1
i broke the system so we had a rule that you couldn't touch your phone in class. like the rule said word for word "you can't touch your phone in class". so i basically just wiggled my phone out of my pocket, readjusted it so it was in a good position and connected my bluetooth controller to it. bam, minecraft in school (they made a rule that you couldn't even have your phone on school grounds after like a week but who cares...)	0
it takes a different type of mf to steal opioids from they're own granny shameful behavior imo filler filler filler	7
what is the nickname/ slang for over the knees socks that girls wore in the 70s?! can anybody help? apparently they were over the knee socks your wore with platform sandals and hot pants? it's driving mum nuts because she can't remember and we can't find it on google	1
one of those can't sleep nights. it's been a while since i've had a night like this, the girlfriend is already in bed and i'm feelin' a little lonely. i'm open to just about anything! i'll do my best not to fall asleep. edit: i went to sleep and had a great couple of hours.	19
i thought i was safe from the creeps on here a 65 year old man, who was quite active in the feet pics community, just tried to dm me. he was nice, i think he was congratulating me on being clean from sh but in a really creepy way. remember kids, the internet is full of scary old people who probably wanna steal you. be safe! <3	4
bro i simp for this girl so hard she's literally so so pretty but idk how to tell her in a hetero way :/ maybe someday but bro she is literally so cute, she is the cutest prettiest girl i know and agh she's so nice	13
weirdest post i'm going on put on here but bare with me! - i saw a instagram post a while back of a video of a fish in water . not this fish looked like nothing i've ever seen before . it kinda looked like some sort of human sized rat . in the video the camera man puts his foot on its head and the fish is huge . i've never been able to find it since and i really want to see it again.it terrified me but also really intrigued me and i want to show my mam so if anyone has any idea what i am talking about the name of the fish or the link to the actual video would be so great !	1
it's thursday night, what are you doing right now? happy thursday! couple of questions, feel free to skip questions. - what are you doing right now? -what did you do today? - what are you going to do friday? -what are you looking forward for in the next week?/month? - what's something exciting/happy/fun (or all 3) that has happened in the last week/will happen within a week? currently i'm writing this post. before that i was eating dinner. today i went to the gym then pt. friday uhh it's gonna be a boring day sadly lmao. hm.. i'm looking forward to leaving. i'm in the dep and i may be leaving in the next month (hopefully..). something fun that happened today was, we played ultimate frisbee at pt. spoiler alert, my team lost had fun tho :)	2
anyone else remember jiji the penguin i could never make it to the pyramid level and always got hurdles	2
shawty said she'd tickle my pickle for a nickel i now have the sickle	2
i'll always be in love with my friend many people probably won't read this because who cares about someone else's love life. i just need to write this out. i just woke up from a dream where i confessed my love to my friend and she reciprocated by doing the same. i've had multiple similar dreams, but even more so lately. they usually happen after talking to her or interacting with her in any way. the main problem with this is that i'm in a 4 year relationship. i first met maria in eighth grade when she immediately caught my eye as the new girl in class. we never really talked for a couple reasons: i felt she was out of my league and i never strayed far from my small social circle. while i had other love interests, she was always at the forefront. when we graduated i thought i'd never see her again since we would be going to different high schools and our group of friends didn't overlap. i believe it was halfway through my freshman year when i heard a rumor that she would be coming to my school. a rush of memories and feelings came with the news. i eagerly talked to her friend, inquiring if whether or not the rumor was true. she confirmed it was, and asked why i cared. the truth was written all over my face and whatever blundering answer i came up with didn't matter. i believe maria's friend told her about that moment and my obvious facade because when i saw maria just days later she had a knowing look. prefacing, during the summer after graduation i started suffering from depression, which still plagues me as a 22 year old. i don't know what i did or said but maria noticed that i was depressed or that something was bothering me. she provided a shoulder to lean on and allowed me to vent. this was weird as she was crossing social boundaries. we didn't talk much before this and her doing this said a lot about who she was and it resonated with me. this would be the foundation of our friendship i believe. she pushed me into going to speak to our guidance counselor and eventually i hesitantly agreed. the talks i would go on to have with mrs. hosten would be overall fruitless but i could see that she genuinely cared for me. maria would go on to be just my support system slowly. we'd talk of things unrelated to the aforementioned, she'd ask me to walk her home, and we would study together. during our sophomore year she began to open herself up to me about the problems she faced as i once did to her. i listened and tried to help as much as possible. i trusted her and i believe she trusted me. i never really made it known how i felt about her, but i assumed she must have. at some point during this time i brought it up. she was down to earth and very sociable, to the point where she would always say "love you" and use affectionate nicknames usually reserved for couples. to clear the air and in an attempt to guage the mixed signals, i asked why she did this and if she wouldn't do it because i didn't want to get the wrong message. her response was that's just the way she talked and that she just wanted to be friends. i didn't hit me too hard as i didn't really think she felt the same way i felt about her, but it felt good in a way to know. for my junior year, i'd be transferring to a different school because they offered a specific class i wanted to take. me and maria stayed in contact, mostly through text. we'd see each other outside of school from time to time. we'd sit and she would vent about her, at the least, physically abusive boyfriend. i'd tell her how i'm doing, usually lying so she didn't worry. sometimes we'd just get food and chill at my house. i tried to suppress the feelings i still had for her and just tried to be a good friend. there are two memories that stick out the most and will become more significant in time. the first being the one day she asked me to go to new york with her so she could give her cat away. we took the train and along the way the cat peed in the carrier. we scrambled to get the cat and the carrier clean while trying not get cat urine on ourselves. after handing the cat off, we walked around just talking and stopping in some shops until the train came. the second being the day she asked me to come to get her first tattoo. during the tattooing we just talked and at a point the artist asked if i was her boyfriend. we both said "no" quickly. and i couldn't help but think what could be. at my house she asked me to take a picture of her tattoo. the tattoo was on her lower back. she got on her knees and bent over, and not trying to be a creep, i took the picture quickly and didn't linger. in hindsight, i often ask myself why did she choose me to go to new york with her? i have no delusions that we're the best of friends. so why me? maybe she wanted to spend time with me. my naive wishful thinking would lead me to believe that she chose me for a better reason. maybe she felt more for me than she let on. my rational side says she just needed someone, anyone, and i was the only person that was available. why did she bend over on all fours for the picture? i could have just as easily taken the picture with her standing up. my friends and more wishful thinking would push me to believe it's because she wanted me. rationally thinking, it's because she really does see me as just a friend and trusted me. i put all of my thoughts and feelings into poetry around this time. some handwritten, others entered on tumblr. now, after graduation and a few years, we talk and see each other a lot less. i stopped thinking about her so much for a while and felt i was over her at last. but then she contacted me out of the blue and we start talking again. she's had a child with her boyfriend (now ex) and goes to school to become a nurse. i have a girlfriend, work, and go to school taking pre med. we text each other. making sure we're both okay, showing support, send pictures to show how old we've gotten, etc.. my girlfriend knows of maria and despises her. what little of my handwritten poems she found she threw away. in the moment, i thought i was wrong to have kept them. in hindsight, it wasn't. it was my art and she had no right to dispose of it without even talking to me about it. i see her for the abusive person she is, but for complex reasons i stay with her. i reached out to her today to wish her happy mother's day, she responded with: " thank you!! love you it's always nice to hear from you no matter how many years go by" i think about her a lot. i wish i had the courage to end my abusive relationship. and tell maria, bluntly, once and for all how i feel about her. but then i think "why risk it?". she told me outright we were just friends years ago on the bleachers. i have no reason to believe that anything has changed.	3
has a song ever unexpectedly made you cry? for me, it was poppy's cover of *my kind of woman* - clicked on it out of curiosity, as most of poppy's videos are really weird. then all of a sudden i was bawling my eyes out and i don't know why. i just found the song so beautiful and melancholy and got overwhelmed. sometime later i listened to the original by mac demarco and cried *again*! it's that darn second verse that gets to me, i swear... has anyone else had this kind of experience? (i really hope i'm not the only one )	9
what's japan like? anyone lived there? there's a couple things i heard about japan and it got me wondering. things i heard: city apartments are insanely tiny because theres not a lot of space there, japanese builders are very organised not lazy efficient and they exercise as part of work, theres lots of random gadgets, people are very respectful. now, to what extent are these true? also some questions: are other jobs same as builders; that organised? do people who live there casually use any strange gadgets? how popular is swearing over there? any other things that are different in japan than the western world?	10
- testing out a photo booth this tifu happened the weekend and this is a throwaway because friends and family i work for a company as a media it guy. i have been working on a project at home for a company event. basically designing a bespoke photo booth for events and having photos printed out and shown across digital screens as well. well i was at home testing out the green screen and whatnot and my girlfriend was like let's have a go, as she was dressed up in a rather nice looking batgirl outfit. so we started doing normal photos and then progressed into rather revealing photos and turning out to be a rather fun evening. the photos got printed off automatically to the built in printer. then went to bed. i then get a message from my boss in the morning informing me of a meeting and ended with a rather random bat emoji on the message. just thought i it was a typo. i get into the meeting room and my boss is there. my boss then says we have someone else joining us, and proceeded to say please send in "bruce wayne" on the phone, and then in comes my supervisor dressed as bloody batman. that's when the penny dropped. turns out while me and the girlfriend where getting busy in the photo booth it was live streaming images to the screens in the office as we took photos because of the vpn i had enables on the built in pc! while my boss was in the office on the weekend with my supervisor doing project work. i'm sat there just gobsmacked and shocked. suddenly everyone laughs and thanked me for testing the project. i'm then presented with a gift basket because i'm going to have to let the girlfriend know. she knows my work lot very well, and burst out laughing when i told her. nothing is going to happen at work which is good, they just wanted to have fun with me for a bit. but have been advised to not be that stupid again. the storage unit has been securely erased. i now join the wall of shame at work, for dumb crap done when testing projects. tl:dr tasked with building a photo booth, tested it with the girlfriend and accidentally live streaming photos to the office lab tvs.	1
i do be kinda horny anyone wanna dm?	5
i have failed you guys i havnt commented on everything like i normally do. the past couple weeks ive been busy and will hopefully start up again soon :p	2
i just wanna play halo ce and forget about my problems but guess whose xbox stopped working	0
not to flex or anything, but i just defeated the wither i've played this game for years and i've finally completed something.	0
the most annoying shit all the cute girls and boys are always in a different continent	11
today is my dads and minecraft's birthday :) today is may 17th, my dads birthday, and one of the most beloved games in the world. thank you minecraft, you've helped me kill time like no other game. i love you dad, i dearly miss you and appreciated everything you did.	3
i'm drawing my teacher as a new year gift. it's my first human face drawing ever, and i'm sorry if it doesn't fit in here, but would you please write down "i love you" in your language in the comments? i want to collect the love from all over the internet and put it on the paper for my favorite teacher	6
so i was molested about 9 months ago. i experienced a wide range of emotions about my body, i stopped all physical interaction with myself, and did not allow for anyone to touch me. but this weekend i finally broke that cycle with a guy and it was a blast. i am so proud of myself i didn't feel anxious, scared, or panicky. and i was finally able to be in the moment and not think about the attack	6
today's my 21st birthday! let's share stories! what did you do on your 21st birthday? i'm not really doing anything today because i'm going to vegas on friday! i haven't traveled for a while so i'm super excited! the only thing is i'm going with my parents so i can't expose them to my true drunk self. (i've drank before today ) but anyways i would love to hear some of y'alls 21st birthday experiences!	1
that feeling when you're eating some fire ass food and you are devouring tf out of it, then you take that last bite and realize all the foods just gone now pain. all i feel is pain fillerfillerfillerfilllerfilllllller	2
true sadness my sister just grounded her husband. he is not allowed to play minecraft for a week. is life even worth living?	2
my grandma left me $6,500 after she passed and now i can start fresh because of her long story short, i got credit cards at 19 with a 10k limit, then i took out a loan etc, etc. made terrible decisions. i wish i did better but my grandmother, who i loved very much, she surprisingly left money for my dad and i. she was living in a retirement home and subsidize by social security. i had no idea she was even saving anything - but she did, and she did it for my dad and i, even though he didn't really care about her. now with her help, my debt is going to be erased and i can start over fresh - go to college with savings for a place to stay and start over with doing things right financially. i have nobody to thank except my grandmom who changed my life before and even after her passing. just wanted to type this and think about her.	8
riddle me this libtards being gay is a choice i'm gonna test this theory. who wants to play gay chicken with me? we pretend to be lovers until one us gives up, then we quit. i've never lost a game before this joke is really stupid it sounded funnier in my head	0
i am horny pls help	15
to flex on those of you with mario maker 2... your man right here just reached the top 1,000 players globally in normal difficulty endless challenge took like 5 hours but i did it, and tomorrow i finna get back on that grind i would have an image as proof but it's text post weekend :(	16
i'm in the zone! the friend zone	4
day 1: i am improving my social skills and keeping myself busy in doing what i love	3
you cant have happiness without pp and i don't see you with either	0
my alarm didn't go off today because i set it for 45 minutes too late by accident. humans aren't perfect and i set my alarm for 6:45 instead of 5:45. i set it around 1:30 am after some important staying up doing computer stuff. glad my bf's 10 minute warning alarm went off or we would both be still in the bed.	3
anyone want to make a sc group chat? (check my post history for proof of me being a gorl) dm me your usernames. prolly gonna be group of 12 people. ask me any questions you have (privately)	8
i [23m] had sex with my roommate [21f] last night she moved in a couple months ago. was instantly attracted to her but we never had time to hangout since were on opposite schedules and we both work multiple jobs. but yesterday she was sun tanning in the backyard and i asked if she wanted to get drinks tonight and she said yea. our other roommates couldn't join so it was just her and i. 6 beers and 4 shots later and i asked her what she would do if i kissed her. she said she wouldn't stop me and next thing i know were fucking in my room. had sex again this morning, then she left to hang with her dad for father's day. not sure where exactly it's gonna go from here provably just really convenient fwbs. hopefully it doesn't go to shit cause we're stuck with each other for another 10 months haha	1
me when nothing ever feels fun anymore	12
telling my wife i was gonna pee on her pillow if she didn't let me use the bathroom this happened last night. my wife was hogging the bathroom, i had just finished a cup of cold brew and really had to poop. i kept asking for her to let me use the can but she kept messing with me and saying "sorry, you can't sit on the queens throne until big ben strikes 10" in a really annoying british accent. i kept replying "i'm gonna piss on your pillow! let me in dammit" we clearly have a loving relationship. so fast forward 2 hours, i hear a scream from the room. she's pissed ( ) it turns out our 11 month old corgi had literally peed on her side of the bed, and my wife had decided to take a nap in a puddle of corgi peepee. she kept yelling at me "htf are you that nasty " and "you're disgusting wtf is wrong with you" and i'm just sitting there laughing cuz i knew it was the doggo. long story short, she made me sleep on the couch while the corgi peepee dried up and still isn't talking to me. i think my dog is laughing at me too now, cuz she got to sleep on my side while i sleep on the couch covered in her fur. tl;dr joked about peeing on my wife's pillow, corgi actually peed on wife's pillow, now i'm in the dog house	17
all these people talking about crushes fanta is superior	16
omg i've look everywhere for this song and i can't find it basically it's this song in tiktok and it starts with like slow chill drums and then goes likes ooooooh lalalalalalalalalalaaaaa sung by a female and it's very short and chill and she sings it pretty huh pitched so uhhh yea pls help	4
after sex i always do sports. that's why i'm fat	0
who's trying to become friends pm me for more information and contact info	1
friends [19/f] of four years keep teasing and giving me [20/m] mixed signals, don't know what to understand or what to do .. help? i don't even know where to start we've been friends for four year now . first two year through high-school: **--> year 1** * we've never been friends before and we we're kinda friends in a small group of 5. *nothing happened much first year , but we did hang a lot with each other **--> year 2** * showed interest in her heavily, never admitted anything however. *we did slightly compliment each other , but she definitely did send mixed signals: * i'd say my outfit looks a bit bad , and she'd say i look "perfect ". *we awkwardly talked about marriage and that she wanna be married a bit late (she opened the subject when we were alone) *she never in a conversation mentioned a guy , always avoids talking about people she likes nor did i . the most i did was tell her about a girl that's bugging me while obviously ensuring her that i don't like her .. *she had many people interested in her , through high school, most guys have already tried with her and failed. she never had a boyfriend, and her personality is really vogue as she doesn't mention anything related to that term . *i'd like to think that she likes me or showed some interest in me , but she never told me anything which nor clearly showed me . * we teased each others a lot . **--> year 3** finished high school, didn't see her much as she lives in a different city , we stayed a bit connected through social media . **--> year 4** we enrolled in two different universities. i don't see her much . she became friends with a lot of new people, for some reason she doesn't talk about them in front of me , or talks briefly as she doesn't wanna get into it . we met yesterday which had my peace of mind go crazy about her. we went out with two more fiends and drank and had fun. we go back to the dorm room and just awkward love/a bit of lust energy is there between us .. i do her makeup as a joke and i swear i can't take my eyes of her lips , i told her that she's beautiful always in my mind so it's hard to know whenever the makeup is actually good or not .. she told me various stuff about my skin and that am looking good (in her makeup) . maybe not as much as me but she definitely teased me .(other obvious teasing incidents happened too) i mean sure we could be just friends , but that's way far from how any friend would be acting from both of us (more from me i know) , and this awkward lovish/lustish tension isn't something i have with any of my "friends". why mixed signals? she constantly denies it , she never fully expressed herself to me , she goes out with bunch of people and never expressed or talks about them while she clearly is friends/ or have some sort of connection with them , she is ok with me being touchy and at first she really likes it (assuming of curse), but then she slowly goes away while the only thing on my mind would holding her , she'd be talking about other stuff . she teased me but never came to the point where it's obvious that she likes me , but it was never "just friends thing " as well .. **i'm confused as hell , because i never in my whole life wanted someone more than her , and i never fully told her the truth because i don't think i wanna ruin things with her or my potential future chances ** tl;dr: friend of 4 years keep teasing me and giving mixed signals , madly in love with her but i don't wanna risk it until i'm certain she'e into me as well .. what should i do?	2
ugh ik imma sound like one of those weirdos but pm me please filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	2
california rental nightmare hello reddit first time posting asking for some advice here.... my wife and i moved to california about a year ago after traveling for about 3 months. we both networked some jobs and got going pretty quickly. being that we divided to land in the bay area finding a place to live was extremely tough. however we found a cute affordable house in a community a bit north of the city in needed a little love but seemed like a good option. so in august we had saved enough money to finally decide where we wanted to be. the house we selected had a number of other people bidding for rent as well as us so to sweeten the deal i proposed paying multiple months rent upfront and included some work i was going to do around the house for improvements. there were about 30 items on our move in list that needed taken care of when we did the walk thru that were agreed to be taken care of in the first month. initially they took care of all the major issues, all plumbing, ( we had water from the sink and the laundry room washing machine draining directly under the house) as well as a number of other leaky faucets non working toilets etc. after the initial plumbing fix our property management company ghosted a bit. they did not coordinate to get the rest of the work done and some of the issues that i had uncovered were a bit alarming. asepses flooring exposed with loose tiles, a number of different mold problems throughout the house, black mold green mold you name it the house is full of it. at this point i should mention that my wife is 4-5 month pregnant at the time and the leasing company was aware. now getting to the big bang here, after months and months of arguing about a leaky bathtub faucet i had to prove my video that the faucet had a leak. this is because the property managements "experts" communicated to the property owner and there was no leak. after showing the leak the property owner asked me why they would lie about it. so in order to have a working bathtub i agreed that if the land lord paid the plumber i would do the retiling and refinishing after leaky pipes were fixed. so when demolition started is was scary, black mold in the shower in the walls under the floor everywhere. btw have not even mentioned my wife and i have had breathing issues from the moment moving in. i refinish the bathroom i personally deal with all the mold in the specific room but this opened out eyes to the mold problem though out the house. this is when property management after being mia for 2 months steps back in and decide that we need to do full testing and remediation. well when i let the know about the mold it is november 4th they did not actually get here to look at the problem till december 21st. it then took till january 10th to get an expert in to look at the problem and to give the landlords a quote. something more positive happened in this duration my son was born on january 5th. that being said as soon as the mold expert arrived he asked if we had all been living there, which he replied with shock and said i would have my child in that house. upon telling my landlord the issues they have not done anything to get us out of this house. my wife and i have had to sleep on friends couches had i not paid for a bathroom renovation i would of instantly moved out found a new place. at this point we want out he landlord is telling me my house will be ready to move in my next friday but also follows that with the fact that they are not taking care of all the issues and are think that they would take care of them step by step while we live here. i'm now at the point where we need out i'm having a hard time finding an attorney and i know that the letter i sent asking for some money to be able to get out will be shut down. i'm asking for a recommendation not any help we have come to the conclusion that the next 30 days are going to be rough with our little 2 week old dude but we can't be here anymore. so we are looking for a attorney in the bay area or recommendations to one. hopefully this falls on the right eyes and someone is able to lend some advice. thanks reddit happy weekend	5
got my tickets! so i love in eastern canada. our closest city of halifax has had this big convention every year for the last 9 years. it's a blend of all things geeky and nerdy. it's comics, sci fi, gaming, anime, and all related stuff all rolled into one 3 day event. my wife and i have been to every one. we started going when we were dating, continued through our engagement and now we're going our second year as a married couple. ten years straight. the tickets always sell really fast so i was worried about getting them. but i managed to get them super quickly. got my vacation booked also. just need to book accommodation.	8
i would never date a trans woman. she'd be way too out of my league .	17
my self-esteem isn't looking good currently. i'm a genderfluid (mostly female) teenager. i get awful mood swings during pms and i'm at a really low point in one as i'm typing this. i cried for a while, texted my boyfriend for help, scrolled through reddit, etc. my boyfriend did give me a lot of good advice, but i still need some encouragement. does anyone have some tips for me? just some positive things to remember when i'm down would be lovely. thank you	6
i don't know how i gave birth sometimes i don't know how i ever gave birth to an actual 7lb human baby because the pain of a tiny mouth ulcer on the inside of my lip makes me cry real, adult tears cures?	4
dang well guess im a weeb now it all started with the promised neverland and now i can't stop. not complaining tho cause anime is rad asf. anyways time to go simp for satoru :))))))	7
fathers are not babysitters i am getting ready for a two week trip with my best friend. everyone keep asking me if my husband is keeping our daughter while i am gone... who else is going to watch her? is there a crotch goblin boarding kennel we aren't aware of? like we can board our kid for a few days for a break? fathers are not baby sitters. my husband is amazing father! i don't know how i got so lucky to marry a man that genuinely a good dad. he is an active father. like i am the third wheel with them any time my husband goes on a golf trip no one ask me if i'm keeping my kid while he is gone. does anyone else get this?	1
feeling weird hello! today's been a doozy of a day, just some weird feelings from work and self esteem! it's been interesting to be aware of these feelings tho. usually they just take over and i can't get out of the funk. it's nice to reassure myself that my feelings are valid but that they don't run my life or my mood! please tell me one good thing that's happened to you. i would love some positivity right now	3
having a mental breakdown listening to paramore tho	18
to be a therapist or something else that would work for you guys i'm just gonna go see y'all tomorrow then i'll probably just go hang out with ya lol you're not like that you're just lying to yourself. lmao. my brother is just doing the job right now and i'm so tired of it. my friend and i wanted to know if y'all had anything else for dinner. what do you think about that? this has been a simulation of my brain trying to form sentences after taking the sats	1
just found out i was inside of a woman before i was born later virgins repost because i forgot the flair.	0
ate a pussy raw today later virgins p.s. how do i get cat hair out of my teeth?	0
hi hi, have a good day... that's all	6
strange feelings that tuen out to be true. real life spider sense? this has happens to me quite often. ill give you an example but it does not neccessarily have to be this kinda situation. i was standing outside in a corner of an appartment complex scrolling trough youtube with my headphones on smoking a spliff and i suddenly got a weird feeling like something bad is about to happen. (i can already see the "you were just too high" comments ) i got this sudden urge to throw away the joint and literally few seconds later after i did that some angry man came from a door behind me yelling that he will call the cops on me and seemed really confused when i didnt have anything in my hand and started to doubt himself. i guess he had seen me from a far or something i dont know how he knew i was there.	1
going on a tindr date. i knew it was a bad idea, and yet... i arrived at this dive bar we have on the river in the country, right outside the city. i had eaten a small snack and drank some water before leaving the house, so i wouldn't need too much at the bar. got myself a mule, sat down, pulled out my art journal and phone, then texted to inquire his eta, as he was just a minute late. text back says he's about to be there, but has to pee. that's a lot of info from someone i don't know who apparently would like to be sexually appealing, but whatever. he is already talking as he walks up from *behind* me, as i tap away at my phone. as he came into my peripheral vision, i realize this is a person talking to me. this is a person talking about ted bundy. he's talking about... collectibles? fuck. i put the phone down. my $10 mule is completely full. double fuck. he was very bad at telling hilariously outrageous lies as ice breakers. i have un-successfully, not blocked out at all that he mentioned buying ted's leg hair in a ziploc bag from ebay. petting it and other uncool weirdness. i know i should've left then. but i really love honey habanero mules. totally should've gone to drink it at the bar tho. this is also where the regret about the water and snack kicks in. so, the continuing downward spiral. he tries to turn the subject to ask me about myself, but it was easy enough to turn the subject right back to him by asking about the t-shirt he was wearing. it was a logo design with a cool name that he had made. he made the logo with a heart in it "because, you know, symbols have been used for thousands of years". (much insight! many wow!) he was printing the logo on tees (cheapest possible!), then selling them to raise awareness about mental health. the t-shirt is a conversation piece, he says. he just started a little over a month ago, so he is going to give some proceeds to nami. but he doesn't have a dollar or a percentage commitment to donate. he's just "gonna see at the end of the year". so, he smokes a cigarette. no problem. until he finishes it. he's uncertain if i will be irritated if he chucks it, because at this point he's hit on me and i've clarified i wanted to leave at the ted bundy bit. so he keeps the butt on the table. i point out it could blow away. he says "they're biodegradable" (they're not) and that the "fish love that shit". i said "neither of those things are true" and we move on to the subject of his houseboat, his phone holding the discarded butt in place. (*continues drinking mule frantically*) so then, he picks up the phone to demonstrate about the houseboat. of course, i point out the cigarette butt. (*finishing mule*) to which his reply is to *pick the butt up and put it inside the cover of my art journal*. that was the moment i stood up and said "yeah, i'm gonna go. so, bye." his entire face dropped. he looked completely crestfallen that i would actually walk out of the date. i will never forget how hilarious the expression was, it was so genuinely surprised. and that's how i fucked up by losing fifteen minutes of my life i can't get back. the end.	11
not turning auto-save back on. this just happened and now i'm pissed off typing this on a toilet. i woke up at the crack of dawn this morning awake but feeling lazy so i decided to hop on the ol' xbox and fire up some red dead 2, after awhile of being side tracked and hunted by most of new hanover i realize the best way to go is to just pay my damn fines off and get on track..... this my friends was mistake number one. as i pay off my unimaginable debt for the time period i come to a unsettling fact i have 0$ and am a horrible bandito, so being the sly little shit i am i take yo the interwebs to find some kind of get rich quick scam.....mistake number 2. i find my sweet little loophole of golden goodness and take to repeating this exploit for most of my morning racking up some serious nuggets and buying the best an old crusty outlaw could buy. so this is the kicker in doing this exploit i rashly decided to turn of auto save as it was the best way to preform said glitch....and that's 3 folks! so after playing this goddamn game for 9 hours this morning my fucking internet goes down and guess who didnt save manually at any fucking point since 9am today...... this fucking guy here! so let's just say i'm done playing for this week and i'll pick it up next weekend when i dont hate it any more. tl;dr- turned auto-save off to exploit a glitch in rdr2 forgot to turn it back on lost 9 hours of gameplay.	18
girl, did you know i play guitar? i can show you by playing with your g string	17
anyone here from chicago? i need new friends i'm in chicago for the month for a summer program and i wanna meet some cool people	0
15m anyone wanna chat? straight to the dm	0
guess imma school now cant get the number off so im the school	0
i just got to the airport to find that my flight home was yesterday. yea, rather self explanatory. i'm known for being quite organized and 'on to it' so i don't think my friends and family will ever let me live this down	9
i need help deciding what to do with my career path. i need more money and work on the hotel industry studying business. what jobs are there that are well paid and around my skillset. any ideas are appreciated	3
girl: i like bad boys me: i crossed the street without looking both ways once .	0
how do you tell a girl you really like, personal things about yourself? me and this girl from college are really good friends. we talk about anything, one thing i'm not as good talking about is my many medical issues. the only other girl i've been truthful with literally broke up with me the next day? i messaged her last night to tell her i had to go to the hospital(that took a lot for me to do, but i don't want to keep secrets) she was super sweet about it. she said she still hoped to see her and to message her if i'm coming to school. that meant a lot because she was showing she cares about me. should i just tell her the truth or keep it to myself?	4
spy kids do you guys ever feel like incognito when commenting or otherwise interacting with subreddits besides this one, i feel like i'm a whole child wearing an over sized suit im scared that someones gonna look at my profile and see i frequent this sub and be all pfft. child. pfft. what if they call me out, will they kill me like that one russian couple. pls avenge me fellow youth.	0
boyfriend of 2.5 years emotionally cheated w/ client. i found out last night that my boyfriend emotionally cheated on me with his client. i say emotionally because i'm sure it never became physical, and he described it as her being the closest person to him besides me for the past few months. we've had our share of relationship bumps here and there. most recently we've both been a bit stressed and haven't been as emotionally attentive to one another as we should be. he usually has his sister to turn to, but she's going through her own shit atm. we both work at the same small place, so i know this girl. i had been a bit suspicious in the past and mostly as of late, but i forced myself to brush it off and i felt crazy like i was making up a big scenario in my head over nothing. well, turns out i wasn't crazy . he said that he and her started getting closer and they began texting frequently outside of work and "sharing things with one another", but he says it never got sexual, just pretty flirty. he said he realized it was becoming inappropriate when he could see both of us get uncomfortable around one another. he apologized over and over and said he felt so guilty and like such a bad person. he said when he realized it was becoming an inappropriate relationship he got coffee with her and expressed his concern. he said they still have contact outside of work but not as much. when he saw how hurt i got from this though he promised to not have any outside contact with her anymore. idk what to do. i haven't slept a wink. i am so hurt, but also relieved at the same time that he told me. he could have easily kept it a secret for a long time. i don't know how to feel better about this. any and all advice is welcome.	2
i [30] feel torn as i want to contact my ex[28] as i would like to have a friendship with her but petrified of rejection. as the title says, i'm a little torn because i don't think i have the balls to reach out to her. i would like to have a friendship with her, it's been 9 months since we split, we had a pretty messy relationship towards the end, but the good times were amazing and we had a really good connection, more than i've ever had with anyone else but when the bad times came around they were seriously bad. we were major dicks to each other and it turned pretty toxic by the end, but i've come to terms with a lot of things and having her as an intimate partner, but what i'm really struggling with is the idea that i've lost her as a best friend. i talk to all my other ex's and we're just really good friends and i would like to also have that kind of relationship with her, but the only difference is that my ex's have contacted me, and i'm so happy they did. but i'm petrified of rejection, i'm also petrified to have my messages that i would send to her screen captured by her and shared with her friends and sisters, which she would do a lot in our relationship and it would upset me a lot as i felt there was no privacy when ever we had an issue. i just need some advise whether to just do it and face the outcome or just leave it and not bother. all opinions are welcome :) and thank you for taking the time to respond tl;dr: need to find the courage to text my ex to have a friendship but scared of rejection.	3
i somehow wound up living my dream two years ago after graduating from an advanced diploma in graphic design and finding myself in an agency job i loathed, i decided to go back to school to learn software development. now i'm working at my dream job, as a dev, i just got a raise out of nowhere and they seem to really love the work i'm putting in. it feels great because everyday i'm excited to wake up and go to work because i absolutely love the work i do and i love solving these code problems and learning new things every single day. it's crazy how life works out. i'm so happy i decided to follow my heart and go back to school to get an education in something i was really interested in it's never too late to follow your dreams!	3
don't you hate it when.... you cut your hand open and you have a "tiny" panic attack at the sight of your own blood and everyone starts freaking out worrying over you . that's basically what happens to me today at work. i work as a server/busser and work all day long in the diner in this senior living community. i am well known as the kind of person who rarely takes it easy and always try to do a lot of things at once so this am i was taking a container full of glasses (about 20 little juice glasses to be exact) as well as another glass in my other hand. i kinda walk fast too so i walked past this one table in the empty section and hit that one glass on the back of a chair. it immediately shattered and cut my hand open. nothing major mind you but it wasn't pretty. i don't let myself cry in public. i hate when people see me upset and want to dote on me, etc. i'm a 24 y/i woman who hates cry by in public, i know a lot of guys here won't believe me but that's just the kinda person i am. anyway so i couldn't help but to let a few tears well up in my eyes and so just rushed into the kitchen where another coworker was rolling silverware. i grabbed a napkin from the stack after setting the glasses down momentarily and wrapped my hand in it. he didn't turn around and i never said anything. i could tell my face was already red from trying to resist crying while actually tearing up and long story shorter both coworkers who were there in the dining room with me as well as the entire kitchen staff for the whole day found out and everything was crazy. it's no big deal i kept saying but everyone acted like it was. i hate all this attention and yes it hurt like heck but i didn't want to trouble anyone at all. i wanted to just clean and bandage it up and get back to work. hours later i'm still at work, just on break atm. i just know every single resident is going to ask me if i'm okay. smh. fml. can anyone else relate? and before anyone asks, yes i went and swept up the glass with my hand wrapped in a fabric napkin. tl; dr: cut my hand open and everyone is making a bigger deal about it than me. i just want to get past it.	5
do you guys like lana, top, melanie, halsey, etc? i don't actually know anyone in real life who likes alternative artists like i do so... yeah haha	1
later virgins i got a mosquito bite on my dick, which means i got my dick sucked. later virgins	0
anyone want to chat? i prolly won't even have enough karma to post here but i'll go ahead & see	7
hey casuals! any exciting plans for today? hey, just wanted to know if anything cool is gonna be happening today for you	6
my girlfriend broke up with me after 4 years. she broke up with me because apparently she won't have enough time for me since she's going into kindergarten soon	4
i'm kinda confused this post isn't very heavy or suicidal or anything, just wanna see if there are people in my situation. so guys i don't really like anyone right now and last time i thought i liked someone it turned out the feeling i had was just wanting to be friends. i don't know if i'm even capable of like, loving someone, or even ready to date (15), just wanted to get this off my chest so	18
you could say my first week of college went really well! 1) as is obvious, it started in a middle of a pandemic, really limiting opportunities. 2)i thought i missed my first class on my first day, really stressing me out for a little bit 3)my laptop completely stopped working, and i have had to do half-online schooling from my phone. 4)i broke up with my girlfriend! so yeah. *good* week.	0
guys my mom is getting me chic fil a im so fucking happy cant wait to eat my two spicy chicken sandwiches with no pickles	15
i founded a new sub please join and post memes or whatever you want r/boogiebot5	0
anyone ever get so hooked and enjoy a tv show/movie so much you start having personal beef against a bad guy, only to realize it's not real/it's just an actor? like i was watching 13 reasons why & one of the characters who commits multiple felonies that keep getting away with things due to being rich & affording great lawyers make me literally dislike him as a character and the actor. only to realize that i'm hating him for doing such an amazing job that it kinda makes me laugh about the loop of what i just thought. anyone else?	1
i wish i had the physical capabilities to be a catboy appearance wise i wish	2
my girlfriend and i don't go to the same school but it works out okay because we live near each other and we go over to each other's houses quite frequently. actually it might be better this way because i need to actually study in school.	2
i forgot my age?! i see a bunch of users on this subreddit have their age next to their username. how do you do that? i'm on mobile now so is it something only pcs can do? thx	16
i got caught cheating now my gf is mad.... well it's not my fault math tests are so hard	4
hey guess what i strongly dislike myself	0
i (25f) feel that my (26m) fiance is actively trying to seek attention from his (20f) soon to be client. my fiance is a private trainer and online coach. he owns his own business and is flourishing. we have been together for the last 6 years and had a very bumpy start but have matured throughout the relationship. i noticed he has taken an interest on a girl who is interested in getting coached by him and is an ex girlfriend of one of our clients. as of right now, i'm currently training with her(free of charge) and coaching her to prepare her for the training and competition prep she wants to do with him. he hasn't contributed to any of her exercises, diet plans and posing routine yet; only i have. 2 weeks ago i noticed he was constantly sending her dm's via instagram and constantly in contact with her with matters that didn't involve fitness or the business; he was trying to get personal with her and i was getting a little unsettled by it. as the conversations persisted and i began to feel-uneasy, my insecurity led me to reading through their messages and i found he was constantly trying to start conversations with her, complimenting her, and giving her the attention he had given me when we first showed interest in another 7 years ago. i brought it up to him the next morning and explained to him that it was wrong of me go through his phone but i felt uneasy and reading the messages and seeing him flirt with her left me feeling really hurt and i thought i was lacking something and wasn't giving him enough. he apologized and saw my hurt and said he'd keep it professional. 2 days later he continues to message her, but this time showing more interest. i broke down and called him out telling him when he felt threatened by people who talked to me, i dropped them, but when i feel threaten and insecure by this girl who he's constantly making an effort to talk to, he shows his interest in her more. i asked him if he was attracted to her, if he had feelings for her etc... he admitted he liked the attention he was getting from her because it was refreshing. he admitted that she has had feelings for him and talking to her and getting that type of attention from someone was refreshing. i had a panic attack 2 seconds later and when i calmed down i asked him what i did wrong, i asked him what i was lacking and what i needed to do. i asked him if i wasn't giving him enough attention or if he didn't feel loved, but he assured me that it was just him wanting attention. we made a compromise that he diminishes the amount of conversations he has with her and to keep it professional; i relayed that information to the girl and she knows my insecurity and how it's affecting me. so far it's been good but fast forward to last night he got us both flowers, dm'ed her with "i hope you didn't throw away those flowers " . i don't know if i should feel hurt or not even stress. she is 6 years younger than him. tldr; fiance is seeking attention from his younger soon to be client and is making me uneasy, still continuing the conversations with her after fighting.	16
i'm officially 28 now. today starting 10 min ago (pacific time) i (f) turned 28 years old. my life is good. i own my own business and have 9 acres of land and 2 horses and i awesome dog. i am proud of myself. the only downside to working so hard to get where i'm at in life has created a situation where i have basically no friends. my so (m29) of 7 years is not the best at giving gifts or treating me special in any kind of way and this has always bothered me. i like birthdays and i feel as though someone should always feel good about the day they were brought into this world and i dont expect much but knowing he wont so anything sucks. anyway i am proud to of been able to successfully get through another year of my life. happy birthday to me!	19
i watched the breathtaking video and almost cried cause it was so wholesome	3
day 5 of what's special about today today is valentine's day it's also the birthday of english actor & comedian simon pegg and uruguayan footballer edinson cavani	3
i (25/f) love making out/deep kisses, but my boyfriend (29/m) doesn't. i need some help i'm in a wonderful relationship. we live together, and are a great match. he supports my kinks and has a wonderful libido. we are also open, if the mood strikes either of us for another person. i was seeing a girl for a couple of months but our schedules were too crazy to keep the relationship up. the biggest downside is that he doesn't makeout. he has never even french kissed me. it's mostly pop kisses. lately, i've gotten him to do 1-2 second kisses but that's it. making out is a huuuuge thing to me. it gets me so turned on. i've casually brought it up once and he's said making out just isn't his thing. i don't think he's been with a lot of partners. he's about to be 30, and i'm the first girlfriend he's ever brought home. he also has either lived at home, in his dorm, or in an apartment with his sister his whole life. has anyone dealt with this type of issue? how can i bring it up? i'm a very sexually open person, but i'm awful at bringing up my needs with a partner. or should i just find a second partner to satisfy this need and not rock the boat? tl;dr my boyfriend isn't into making out, but making out is one of my favorite things. how do i talk to him about it, or should i find a secondary to fulfill that need?	2
am currently confused i was talking to this guy about whether it's weird to compliment friends and he told me that he calls all his friends cute. then said "speaking of which, you're pretty cute " is this the biggest friendzone ever or am i just really stupid	17
my ex gf won't talk to me cuz she's busy getting high with her friends. ouchie	2
keep up what you're doing. i know that it's you, and it doesn't bother me one single bit. your attempts just brings laughter to me every day you're just making an ass out of yourself and making yourself look more pathetic and desperate everyday. you can try to hack or request password changes to any and all internet accounts that i have. if you want them so bad maybe i should just give you some? you can call where my friends work and say that it's me and curse out people. they know it's not me. you can use your fake names on accounts to post things, but we all know it's you. you can sign up my email for a thousand more spam pages, because i never see them and they end up in my spam folder. how long have you been my number one fan for now? well over a year. i can maybe send you an autograph? nothing that you do you small pathetic excuse of a human being affects me, it just make me feel more and more sad about you. keep up what you're doing and keep letting me know that you spend so much of your free time thinking of me so i can keep laughing ever day :-)	6
fortnite bad, minecraft good,.... terraria better	0
uhhh i'm stuff.	5
for halloween i'll be dressing up as myself so this is why people add filler to make it go through hmmm very nice	2
fun fact in the past 5 days i went from 150 karma to 2.3k and 7 awards and i dont know anyone/ have any friends on this subreddit	13
25f/28m i feel like i'm talking to a toddler best friends, 10 months. back and forth with feelings, long distance. hung out in person once. spend tons of time online together watching shows, playing games, etc. queue the holidays: we both are at our parents. busy, i get it. no complaints. but then we talk and he just.... disappears. 12-14 hours later i'll get a text to start a convo and then 5-6 texts later he is gone. we are now on our 3rd day of this and the last 3 convos have been about poop. literally what is happening?! i feel like i'm playing with a boy on the playground. i'm not chasing him at all, just letting him go when he goes. (no puns intended pls) when he comes back i'm warm and friendly and joking, as always. i feel like it's some sort of power play because i would usually call or check in if he is gone for that long. i'm playing cool, i don't feel anxious. i'm just really beyond confused. i'd ask him but our convos aren't getting that far	1
probably going to smoke for the first time in my life tomorrow that's it found out how to use a lighter and my mom has one at her work area gonna try to snatch a cigarette when she isn't looking save it till the night only one tho, just wanna try it out, you know? it's boring as hell and i can't go anywhere so..... might as well do some wild shit	0
got my fishing rod it cool also got bait and a tackle box, might post pics in a few days	0
that feeling when you fergot to do the hw but the teacher forgets to hand it in name a better feeling	0
where my weebs at i wanna talk about anime and especially 2019 anime coming up with all the waifus	0
that's what you get for being a butthole ig so there's this girl in my english class, who i was in several classes with in jr high. she was so mean, to other kids and laughed at people, and was disrespectfully loud and she is still like this. somehow even with this she was popular with students and teachers loved her. anyways, today she said something (i didn't hear, i'm guessing it was something about someone else or the assignment) but the teacher did not like it, so at the end of the class the teacher called the girl up and whispered to her something, i only heard snippets, but she kinda called her out. honestly this is probably the first time a teacher called her out, she's normally loved by teachers. anyways, i she walked past my desk and her face was like . i honestly don't feel bad for her, to be honest it was about time that she'd get called out for her rudeness	5
it should be illegal to be this horny i need to be arrested	15
everyone tells me "you'd make such a great boyfriend" or "you're definitely going to get a great gf" but like, where is that "great" gf? or bf, i don't discriminate	5
sex is cool and all but sike virginity is superior, stay pure bois	0
yo so someone called me gay today it was my boyfriend	0
hello u/youreternalvengeance i know you'll see this i think raise cats with me	5
completely obliterating my chance to break up on good terms. obligatory this happened to me, yesterday. yesterday morning i get a call from my girlfriend. we've been in a long distance relationship for eight months but things were going pretty smoothly up until now. she calls me in tears and i try to calm her down and ask her what's wrong. she starts blurting that she just doesn't think things are working out and that she'll always love me but the relationship just isn't right and she never wanted to hurt me because she loves me and she knows i love her too and on and on it goes. i try to be the stoic one but i'm in compete shock, it came out of nowhere. i told her that i loved her but that i wanted what was best for her and that if this is what she needed then i was happy for her. we keep talking for like ten more minutes, as i try my best to talk her through this breakup i never wanted or saw coming. "what do i tell my friends" "can i keep your presents they still mean a lot to me" etc. finally she hits me with the tough one. "can we still be friends?" i'm a very reasonable, logical person so i tell her we can try but logically it just might not work. this understandably gets her more upset so i try to calm her down but nothing's working. finally she blurted out "if we can't be friends, then i guess we're nothing!" and starts sobbing uncontrollably. this whole time, i was just trying to help her through this. but right at this moment, i felt something i never want to feel again. the suddenness of the breakup, the unfairness to spring this on me the night after what i thought was an amazing date night, and everything else she said hardened my heart, and in that moment i despised what she was doing. four words came out of my mouth. "that was your choice." i hung up. i had immediate regrets. i was in shock. i couldn't believe what i did. i called her again but she didn't answer. it's been 18 hours and the only thing i've seen from her is that she changed my nickname on messenger from "babe " to my full name. she wanted to end on good terms but i fucked that up. tl;dr girl calls me to say things haven't worked out. i say it's okay and try to talk her through it. spontaneously said something really bitter and ended up ruining any chances of ending on a good note.	3
is this sub dead it's like no one responds to my posts anymore :(. come one bois lets get this (virtual and socially distanced\*) party started. \*please keep 6 comments distance between replies	14
pros and cons of dating me/being my friend (with actual reasons) pros:1.i will listen to your thoughts and talk about how your day was and what's on your mind 2.if you need to vent i'll be that person for you i don't mind and i'll help you,understand you,and comfort you 3.i don't ask for nudes/sexting or beg for it i mean i you want we an sext but i digress 4.i'm a epic gamer ps4 gamer to be exact we could play some games sometime i mostly been playing rocket league and rainbow six siege 5.not sure if this is a pro or con but i love music like alot and i always wanted to meet someone with my music taste here's my [spotify ](<url>) if you want to see 6.i'm 5'6 so i'm tall boy now onto the cons:none there's no cons i'm just that amazing what are you doing? be my friend or girlfriend you're seriously missing out	11
merry chrysler i guess yeah so i'm just gonna quietly sit in the corner and definitely not feel jealous of literally everybody on christmas imagine not celebrating christmas	12
i feel resentful of my friends (all 25f) for wanting to hang out with me i am really struggling with two of my friends, even though i know i shouldn't be. i have never been in a relationship (having only casually dated/fwb) and i work part time, so i've always been decently available to hang out with friends and to keep up with their lives via texting and to be the "organiser" of group events. my best friend referred to me as "the queen of emotional labour" . for the most part, i don't mind this role because i do lead a less stressful life, i don't have any mental illness/serious life struggles and i have a decent chunk of spare time. recently, two of my friends have stepped up and tried to be more present and organise more things. one friend (anna) has always intensely focused on her relationship and career and study and i generally go months and months without seeing her, which has been happening literally for the last ten years. i've accepted that we don't have a deep relationship and that's she's very fun to hang out with when i do see her. recently, anna has tried a lot harder to see friends and always tells us how we are her true friends (since she hates people at work and is no longer in contact with people from college). my other friend (summer) has recently come out of a long term relationship and now tries to organise weekly hang outs. i also went months and months without seeing her for about three years because she always chose to put her boyfriend and his friends first. i think it's worth mentioning that after their breakup summer completely shut down, needed bounds and bounds of emotional support for like 8 months and honestly went months without asking me a single question about myself. i know i sound awful but i'm still really angry about that, i've never experienced a friend just constantly talking their problems at you to that extent. i want to get over it but i feel stuck. i know that realistically, if i cared more about getting/maintaining a high paying career or being in a ltr, instead of my pretty chilled out life, i would have probably acted the same. how do i let my grudge go? i feel like anna came crawling back when she lost her college friendships and didn't make any work friends. and i feel like summer came crawling back when she lost her boyfriend. i feel annoyed and resentful when they want to spend time together or deepen the friendship because they didn't care previously. i know this is illogical because now they are doing the exact behaviour that i always wanted from them.	1
hey girl u already know what's about to happen line up one by one now	0
guys, spider-man 2 turns 15 today pizza time	0
me and my friends are getting in trouble for putting games in a folder lol fucking bullshit we put in games for our classmates when we got a free lesson	1
black ops 4 thoughts? i heard black ops 4 is coming out in october if i heard correctly.but i was wondering what are y'alls thoughts on it? i'm just a casual gamer that plays video games for fun so i don't know too much about them.all i know is black ops was good,black ops 2 was great(my favorite game),but black ops 3 was a disappointment for me.i really couldn't get into black ops 3 so i sold it to a friend .anyways i was wondering what are y'alls thoughts on the upcoming game "black ops 4"?do you think it will be worse than black ops 3 or better?	8
i gained a second family on thanksgiving i've been thinking about this nonstop since thursday and i don't want to bother my friends anymore. this story is going to get long so take a seat, we need to get some backstory going: my home life when i was young was never really great. i was raised by a single mom who was also taking care of her parents, an abusive alcoholic and an adult child, at the same time. my dad kidnapped me a few times (that's a story for a different time), and the tension between my parents were fucking palpable. i avoided my dad per my mom's request and i didn't find out until later that she had a restraining order on him, all the while he was trying to pick me up from school. (i didn't realize that i was raised in an alcoholic home until my therapist actually told me that the stuff i went through wasn't "normal" or "healthy" lmao.) anyway, i moved away a year after finishing my undergrad to the mainland united states. i was finally free to do whatever i want without worrying about what my family would think. i got a job at a daycare (which i quit two years later because the company was shit lmao) and started therapy about a year in because of some other shit that was happening between a coworker and i).i also started to babysit regularly for a couple, let's call them sarah and lee. (side note: because of my past, i had a pretty serious battle with depression through my whole life. tried to commit suicide multiple times and junk like that. i was so angry and upset all the time and it sucked because i didn't know why. even though i'm out of therapy and on antidepressants, i still have a struggling sense of identity. i'm still slowly trying to accept that i did grow up in an abusive household, and that a lot of things that my family did to me wasn't great. it's tough when you're a child of immigrant parents who grew up with different priorities and mindsets. ) sarah and lee invited me to thanksgiving this year, and since i was freshly unemployed and holed up working on college applications, i thought why not; it'd be neat to just chill and talk and have a regular thanksgiving. i went over a bit earlier to help them out with cooking dinner, and when lee and their son went on a drive, me and sarah started talking and eventually revealed more about ourselves than we would've thought. another backstory: i always viewed sarah and lee and their son as a perfect family. when they first arrived at the daycare, their kid was perfect: he listened and followed directions. that's insane for a two year old! they also seemed to be so kind and understanding, and genuinely wanted the best for their kid. i've kept that picture perfect family in mind even after babysitting for them for a few months. during our talk, i felt comfortable enough to reveal my dark past with my battle with depression, and that kinda just opened up a whole can of worms. surprisingly, sarah had responded that she knew exactly how that felt, and told me about her battle with mental illness too. it blew my mind! i ended up detailing my past while she detailed hers; i never in my life would have guessed anything that she told me that afternoon had happened to her. sarah lived in a broken home too. her descent into mental illness might have stemmed from having to take down a sister's friend after she had committed suicide. she got sent to a therapist at once and started having trouble with authority. she said that was her "teen angst" phase haha. she had a pretty bad battle with drugs and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. it was, and still is, so wild to me that this person who i see as a perfect mom with a perfect husband and perfect son... isn't so perfect... honestly, it was so relieving that she found it safe enough to tell me because... she's the reason why i believe i'll be ok in the future... if she can survive all she's been through, and her mental illnesses (i don't know if she's on meds anymore either), then i might have a chance to also create a perfect family with someone i love. i texted her on the second day of crying just telling her that she means so much to me and that i regained hope for my future. she told me that i've always been part of the family and always will... the fact that my revelation came at a time when i had my first "real thanksgiving" is not lost on me. i am so thankful for sarah and her family accepting me so readily and easily... my heart has been heavy with joy since. i saw sarah today and i had to hug her and i'm sure we hugged for a solid minute and a half. i love sarah and lee and their son and their fat cat and i'm so glad to finally be a part of a functional healthy family. i'm so proud of sarah and lee for surviving as long as they did and they have a beautiful family to prove it. i can't see what's in my future perhaps 5 years from now, but i can always think about the perfect family i'll make who rose from the ashes in 12. currently i'm grappling with guilt over loving this new family more than my blood, but blood has never made me feel this great about life before. maybe one day i'll tell sarah and lee how much i love them... tl;dr: i came from a fucked up family but found comfort in another family who i thought was perfect, but actually had a fucked up past too. they've subsequently adopted me	6
my crush rejected me so, recently i decided that it would be a good time to talk to my crush about being more than friends. we have been friends for almost a year now and i've had feelings for a while. what they said wasn't an outright no, but it was a more of a i'm still figuring myself out right now. we used to say i love you to each other a lot but that's stopped for now and i don't know if it will come back, honestly it was one of the things which gave me a lot of hope that we would be a thing. i kinda hope it still works out eventually but i've been giving her some more space and time to herself while still trying to be as good as a friend as possible. the positive in taking from this is we're still like best friends and we can still talk about anything and i love them to pieces. thanks for reading :)	3
my body did a funny april fools prank i am sick and i woke up at 2:30 in the morning and my body did not let me go back to sleep	12
hmmmm idea weird bizarre idea death becomes modern day entertainment for example private islands bought by the government where they send prisoners that committed a tremendously terrible crimes that includes pedophilia get sent to this island in will experience the real battle royal and to make things interesting its a show a tv show would definitely watch	6
i feel like i'm in a cage sometimes with my parents....help okay since the beginning of august last year my parents refuse to allow me to spend the night our regardless of the situation. they think all my friends do is drink our livers away...yes we do drink occassionally but not like some damn alcoholics. i enjoy late nights and the memories i make with them. i'm 18 years old and a senior in high school. i'm a relatively quiet person but now i'm about to explode. when i mean explode i mean full on explode...like a girl on her damn period. here we are in february and i'm missing out my senior year. yes i know it's their household and i must live by their rules but this is just ridiculous for the age i am! i'm leaving for college next fall and they treat me like a 12 year old on a leash. someone help....	4
i (21 f) need help breaking up with him (21 m) i've been in a relationship with this guy for 6 months and it's not going anywhere. we never talk about anything deep or personal, or when we do, he sees it as a chance to debate my own experiences or play "devil's advocate". while i've made an effort to get to know him really well and understand his interests, he's never really reciprocated that. whenever i talk about my mental health or things i'm going through, he either laughs or condescends. most damning of all, though, is that i've just never felt any spark with him. never any passion or fun. here's the problem. he says he loves me, and i've said that i love him (though truth be told, since he's never really gotten to know me, i get the feeling that he's more in love with the way i make him feel) and i've been trying so so hard to make myself feel love for him. i want to love him because he's nice to me sometimes, but i'm realizing that i just can't do that. so i don't know how to break up with him without really hurting him, or without all of this seemingly coming out of nowhere. how can i bring these things up naturally when it's nothing that i've told him before in the whole time we've been dating? i had a full-on panic attack about this last night because i was supposed to go see him, so i ended up staying home instead. i was planning on talking to him about this today. i'm terrible with confrontation (something he's also belittled me for ), and i just need a little encouragement or advice on how to do this right. tl;dr i'm bad with confrontation and i need encouragement/advice on breaking up with a guy without making it seem like i'm pulling it out of thin air	4
i finally passed my driving test after failing twice and being failed wrongly by some dick ward i finally passed im so happy omg words can't describe the relief	6
top 10 most awkward things no 1 - being alone in a zoom class with your teachers when you're early	7
i got my permit today ! after my first week of classes, my parents took me to take my test. nervously took the test and passed it. took longer to actually get my permit than take the test. they even took me out to get some hours on some country roads. my legs feel weird but it was fun lol.	8
just had a fight with my wife drove five hours to thanksgiving and we forgot her suitcase, so she has to buy clothes. i brought it down from the bedroom but forgot to put it in the car--my bad, i apologized. the argument was sparked when i said in the future make sure your stuff makes it all the way to the car. she doesn't have to load it, just make sure it's in before we leave. she suggested i be responsible for "the luggage" going forward. i pushed back. it's not that i can't manage the bags, but she needs to share the responsibility. i have my own set of concerns and things i often forget. long story short it ended with: "if i can't trust you with this one thing then i can't trust you with anything." what's your take? i'm not looking for a solution, we've been married 17 years, this will work itself out. just want to commiserate i guess.	11
anyone know where to watch saiyuki (1978) in the original japanese? or even just a place to download subtitles for it. i recently found out that my mum has the whole collection on a bunch of cds but i can't understand japanese i tried looking around but there are zero places that have these subs. it's all just for the anime of the same name or the 2007 movie. i really love this show, have a lot of fond memories of it while growing up. i would be ecstatic if i could watch it again	14
i finally met an awesome dude and he's likely moving away and it's bumming me out. title pretty much sums it up, but here's the long version: i broke up with a long term on and off boyfriend and moved across the country to the city i had dreamed of living in since i was a kid. in the past, i've had such awful experiences with guys. i downloaded tinder after i moved here because i was lonely and other obvious reasons. wasn't looking for anything serious. months go by. finally last month i meet this awesome dude, seriously so much in common it's crazy. talk everyday, share dank memes, etc. we both agreed to be exclusive. and....he tells me he regrets moving here and wants to go back to his college town. i've only known him a little over a month and it's still bumming me out majorly! (sidenote, i hate that i'm this concerned at only a month in...i'm usually never such a drama queen) i think maybe it's because even if we were to date it wouldn't be permanent because he will move back and i plan on staying here. guess i feel like i'm in limbo now. if anything i'm glad i met him because now i know there are actually guys like him out there and i need to raise my standards. and i want him to be happy! i'm still bummed though	12
apparently it's a common know thing, that men don't have an opinion(story, just happened?) here another story about my stupid family(if you read the first it might help) so my family is having a discussion about fat shaming, i have 3 females and me, a male in my family. my sisters where taking about how people should be able to wear what ever they want no mater what size they are(ones quite fat, others average). my mom think people shouldn't because it can make people very uncomfortable, i agree with my mom. but as soon as i try and say anything, they tell me to just shut up and go away, i can't even voice my opinion, because it offends them. this, is that's happening to me, along with all the other problems constantly being brought up in this subreddit. all of the male voices are being shut down, we can't get a single word out, even if we have something important to say. hope you have a great day, even when it's like this in the world	18
today is my birthday and i'm in a better place than i was last year. i'm sitting here at denny's for the free breakfast for myself again but this time around i don't feel suicidal or completely depressed. my life has pretty much turned around or at the very least improved in other ways. i have a better paying job, i'm more assertive, and have a lot more self respect than i did a long time ago. i am dating a very strong and intelligent woman, after a 3 year single life from a harsh breakup. i have money in my bank account, i've gone and explored new places like different beaches and bars, and generally i feel more of a better worker. things are still shaky and i'm still about to move out from my parents house but everything is just better overall. i'm a quarter of a century old now and i feel like i have taken that in and need to continue down the road of improvement. i've survived hopeless nights and hard times but i'm here. life is looking up. i want to make the world better. anyway, thanks for reading and i wish you all have a nice day	6
anyone else hispanic but don't know how to speak spanish so your older relatives get annoyed because they can't have a conversation with you? shit's tough, bruh	2
trials and tribulations this is just me writing down what been on my mind. i haven't posted in a while and this is just reminder to myself and all of you to stay strong. 9 months. it's been 9 months without my dad. i'm about to graduate and i feel so many different emotions. time has really helped, but i'll never forget. never. during the first week after his death, i couldn't even fathom living a "normal" life. but life goes on. your close friends slowly start to forget what happened and his death becomes this distant memory. i've been surprised at how well i've handled it, or maybe i'm in for some emotional break down. maybe i've changed in subtle ways that i won't notice for years, which scares me so much. my mom and i have the strongest bond, but i feel like people around me are hurting more than i am. sometimes i feel like i fail to recognize that. i don't know what my little sisters think. did they forget? do they still hurt? do they need their big brother? they are the ones who found him, and i still can't imagine the trauma of seeing his body just hanging there. all cold and lifeless. makes me sick. i still sleep across his room. i still have to go into his room to lower the ac at night. honestly the first month felt like a different life. i feel like i was so vulnerable, but now i feel like i've built up callous to protect me. sometimes i feel so lonely. so minuscule. no one, and i mean no one can truly understand what impact this has on you unless you go through this shit. it's not like you just feel better and that's it. it's a slow, nagging feeling of distress and guilt that continuously gnaws away at me. but i fight it. i will never stop fighting it. i keep going for the people that i love and the bright future that i hope to have with someone that i love. it sounds cheesy but is there a purpose in this life if you don't have someone to love? we all have people that we love, and people that love us. that's why we all live to fight another day. even though some of those that we loved are now just memories in our head, we keep going because the ones who are breathing need us just as much as we need them. i really do hope i find someone to love. it provides healing in the most magnificent ways. i loved my dad and i know he loved me, but i now i must remind myself that i need to be there for my loved ones, just as much as they need to be there for me. i need that reminder sometimes because i'll go through life and begin to lose grip on what truly matters. life can be a bitch. it can chew you up and spit you out, but you learn invaluable lessons that some people may never learn in their entire life. it's up to you to do what you want with these lesson that you learn. to anyone who read this all, thank you. i truly do appreciate it. and finally, to anyone in pain just remember that there's always someone who loves you. stay strong	3
swedish guys yeah im back to be horny for literally anyone, what about it hit me with that gay shit	15
i(21m)'ve been close to my crush (21f) for about a year and a half. six months ago she is cutting off all communication. i need advice what should i do sorry, i posted this on mobile. i'm sorry if my english is bad. tell me if this post need tl;dr, or more details. i'll edit later. here is the story we've been close for my first year of college until the middle of second year. i never confess to her about my feelings, i'm not sure about her feelings towards me. one time i feel like she likes me the same way i love her, she bought me a really expensive gift for me, she fed me, we go watch movies together, we go eat somewhere, etc. she always there for me even when i'm broke (financially and emotionally). but somedays she just so cold to me. when she cut off all communication with me (about 6 or 8 months ago), i did ask to her what happened. she said, she tends to push people when being too close. nowadays i'm trying to talk to her again, and she responded, but the excitement is not there. it feels plain. but i still love her. and now i dont know if i should let her go or try my best to make it up again. any advice? thank you reddit.	6
i'm bored tell me something about yourself that's unique or ask me a question or don't	1
its 3am rn and i have nothing to do so lets go down my emberassing middle school memories this one time i was putting my hair up in a bun and when i lifted my head up my crush scared me so bad and i- omgg i'm actually laughing so hard rn, it's my second time writing it cause i accidentally woke up my brother with my laugh. i fucking grabbed his neck and i scratched it so bad that it looked ugly.( natural nails, not acrylics) but like why tf did i grab his neck???? like my first reaction was to grab his neck, omgg that shit left a mark for like a week and he always made fun of me for that	1
i'm not gay... but my boyfriend has a pretty big shlong	5
i am alone and bored anyone up for some good convo after shifting from my home country to the states i have kinda become lonely i hardly have handful of people to whom i speak. i would love to talk to people it's got quite depressing to stay alone	2
the sims 4 is fun until its time to build a house it's literally so annoying creating all room sizes and placing all the windows	11
sometimes i let the fact that a selfie i posted on here got 3k upvotes get to my head and then i look into the mirror and get immediately humbled	0
holy mother of fuck guys (this is a genius thing for all you privacy-invaded individuals) i just found this fuckin genius thing on iphone. do your parents look through your phone? here's a genius way to hide your photos. 1: download the apple books app (you probably already have it cuz it came with your phone) 2: go to the incriminating photo 3: click share button in the bottom left corner 4: click "save pdf to books" 5: go to books 6: profit	0
anyone bored and wanna chat? i'd even talk about being 4'8	1
at the grocery store i always go to the checkout lane with the cutest cashier usually that means going to self-checkout	0
i finished high school never having kissed a girl later losers	0
probably needa gave up the trip me & my bf have been planning forever me& my bf have been planned a trip for this summer for so long. but suddenly the company he's working for is short of investment and can't pay him anymore. this absolutely sucks cuz the trip at least takes 1k per person. my bf apparenyly have a taste for his job, he is not planning to do job he's not interested as a software developer. if he can't find a job fits him for months. we are screwed, and he told me probably gotta forget about the trip. he literally said 'i like surviving and eating.' i have been doing lots of preparation for this trip. tbh i have been imagine be in santorini in my dreams so many times. it just sucks. and im a bit angry at him because of his attitude like he doesnt care. (i know he is just being realistic and efficient). still, i am so upset. hope his job turns better. and i love him. i'd support him anyway.	4
what new things have you started doing in your life? for me, i've started volunteering at the elementary school that's next to where i go to school. i'm helping a fourth grade class, and it's not exactly what i'd call "easy," but it's not hard, either. the class is generally good kids, they do their work, they're nice to each other, their teacher, and myself, they participate, and they don't really cause any problems. there's one boy who i think may have asperger's syndrome, but i haven't bothered asking, yet. he's a bit of a troublemaker, and he can be a bit hands-on at times when playing basketball during gym class, but aside from that he's alright. today was the most interesting by far. not weird, just the most eventful. in their first period class, which was maths today, i was assigned to help a boy with a test he missed due to being sick the day of. it was about perimeter and area, so not difficult for their grade. the boy was pretty smart, himself. he was able to do the equations by himself, aside from me just helping to guide him along some multiplications and adding up a large amount of sides. i'd say he did well on it, and it felt nice to see him succeed. during gym class they played basketball, and it was going alright until some of the boys started grabbing onto each other to try to steal the ball. the boy i had helped with his test was pretty upset about the game being called off due to this, as he was on the side waiting for his team to play, but they didn't get a chance to. it took me about a minute to cool him down, but i talked to him about it and was able to de-escalate the situation. i asked him how come he was upset so he could talk about how he was feeling, i told him that it's okay to be angry about this, and that i would feel the same way if i was in his shoes, but that there are things he can do to remedy the situation, like finding something else to do or waiting for another chance to play. after he calmed down i asked him if he wanted to play basketball with me, since i could tell he was still a little upset, and i wanted to cheer him up. he agreed, and he got a ball from the rack and told me he wants to play a game where i have to try to steal the ball from him. i didn't want to accidentally hit his hand, so i didn't reach out too fast, and i could tell he was having a lot of fun, which made me really happy after that they had went back to class to have their snack, and they were pretty good during that. i helped the teacher to cut out the shield drawings they made and put some tape on the back of each, then went back to school when i was done so i could have my own lunch and finish my classes for the rest of the day (drama and biology). that's the end of my story. what have you guys started doing in your lives?	8
petition to unban midnight she did nothing but call me a b word	14
what's good reddit!? my hubby is in florida visiting some family! i'm bored as fuck, 7 shots into a bottle of jack. by myself. on a saturday night. fml any other lonely people on reddit rn, missing bae? let's conversate!	15
i can't talk to my friends anymore, i'm just done at this point within my group chat, all that my friends talk about is either their fantasy football team or random things that are pretty irrelevant honestly. i understand that sometimes it's not the time to talk about world events, plans for the future, politics etc, but i can't have an serious conversation about certain topics without one of them using the " " ten million times. there always has to be a joke or something to be said to derail the conversation. i don't know i feel like it's important to just at least now what's going on in the world instead of staying ignorant. obviously it's fine to have some laughs and i can't even get mad at them for that, but sometimes i want to hear some opinions on certain topics, but never get any.	1
ngl it's really hard to find someone who's genuinely nice most of them pretend to be someone they're not and the more time you spend w them, the more you learn about them. i'm not saying everyone's *bad* but finding genuine friends is hard	5
just had pizza boizzz cheese > pepperoni	0
volcano erupting in hawaii i'm flying to hawaii in about three weeks and i'm seriously thinking about cancelling my trip there because of the volcano. i'm supposed to be staying at a resort near waikiki. i feel terrible for the people dealing with this volcano and loosing their homes and belongings	14
who want to be my meme dealer uwu top 10 reasons why you should be my meme dealer 1. how else am i supposed to get it 2. everyone deserves a meme dealer 1 3. i could compliment your memes 4. um that's it	2
noooo brooo nooo i just seen a dude try and flirt in the comments of a girls post and it went bad rip too soon man too sooonn	4
bruh i gotta shower i just wanna slump n never return tho lol	4
venting/saying whats on my mind (kind of a hot mess) this post is gonna be all over the place and probably really hard to read since im kind of tired rn but oh well. do what you want with your replies (i.e. give advice, relate, give criticism, joke around, etc i dont really care unless youre being a jerk) my school is so proud of itself and thinks its super progressive and "high class" yet a new student catches the virus basically every week and everyone is crammed probably not following social distancing (idk, i chose to go online). the teachers treat online school like irl school which is extremely inappropriate given online learning, in nature, is a whole other realm from real life school. my grades have plummetted and i honestly dont think i can get into even at least a mid-tier college given the downward spiral my grades have taken. my dream college is very selective and 99% of their emphasis is on class rank. i thought i had a chance if i had good grades, a great sat, and amazing essays since its virtually impossible to land in the top 10% at my school unless youve made straight a+s for every single class youve ever taken (my school is very asian, and thats coming from an asian person myself, and the competition is insane. there are people who have literally taken their own lives because of how bad the competition at my school is, but theyve just brushed it under the rug and are pretending like they care about our mental health). i dont think the college is going to be very sympathetic to those whose grades have slipped during quarantine, theyre very straightforward and dont really care if youve had a struggle or anything, they just care about rank. ~~probably gonna be posting here a lot more ever since i got banned from the discord (the mod was in a very bad mood and decided to take it out on me, everyone ive talked to agrees it was an unreasonable ban but they refuse to accept my appeal for some reason)~~ anyway, quarantine is making my life miserable. the only social interaction i get is on discord from a bunch of simps who i dont even like being around, my real friends are all online but i havent been able to play any games with them lately due to time conflicts. everybody at school hates me because theyve automatically labelled me as a thot for some reason (never even kissed someone before, so i just assume theyre jealous). my parents are great but i cant really play video games with them or talk about gen z stuff since theyre boomers (i love you mom and dad ** ** ). my brother has moved out a very long time ago and hes been real busy lately, so i cant rlly hang out with him either (though he is coming over next week with his new puppy, so thats something to look forward to) also for some odd reason ive noticed the more negativity i receive the more self absorbed i get. the other day this girl in a discord server saying i was stuck up after calling myself cute in a selfie and for some odd reason it just boosted my ego even more, i guess its because she came off as really jealous. finding a significant other in 2020 as a teen has become so freaking hard. all of the guys at my school are just not my type at all. theyre sexist, racist, homophobic, etc. it frustrates me how they use homosexuality as an insult (i.e. "thats so gay"), say the n word openly, call people the f slur, etc. and what pisses me even worse is when a dude keeps insinuating that he'd like me better as an "uwu girl" and that im too much of a "bruh girl". theyre so over their heads too. i told a dude i met in one of my zoom classes that i found his personality very attractive and he took that as me confessing my love to him and started calling himself my boyfriend. i ended up telling him i wasnt interested, and now he just stalks all of my social medias and keeps trying to contact me. i block him and he just makes a new account, its literally so pathetic and i honestly plan to cuss him out next time he does it. im bad at ending posts especially messy rants/vents like these, so yeah... thanks for reading if youve made it this far! oh and btw this is so random but i hate how people, including teens, just assume that every teen has vaped/smoked weed before. i, personally, would not vape or do drugs but i dont care if my friends do it as long as they dont try to make me do it.	13
psa to all fast food customers if you find something wrong with your food, you have the right to come up and ask for it to be fixed but please take the employees and managers into consideration when you ask something to be remade it can really fuck up our rhythm and it genuinely makes new employees feel bad. you can always ask what's on/in your food just in case we forget to ask clarifying questions, it's not just our job to get you the food you want, it's also your job too. i've had people go through the drive thru (which is usually really long where i work bc we got the best shit ) and then come back through it again with their food which fucks up the line since you're not ordering anything, just to get a remake because a scrap of a fuckign grilled onion on top of their burger which you can just flick off like why the fuck are you doing this. you could've atleast come inside the store but no you had to do this instead d:< i could go on for hours about stupid experiences with customers but this is over text so i wont :) moral of the story just think logically when you're getting food from anywhere for that matter and take the people who are working to get you that food into consideration. you have the right to come and ask for your food to be fixed but if it's something minuscule and unimportant especially if you can fix it yourself, please think of the workers there :) <3 that is all	0
girls with bangs are cute af i don't know why, but i find them really cute	13
what's something you have, that means a lot to you, but would be almost worthless to anybody else? i was thinking through all the objects that mean the most to me, and realized most of them would have almost no value to anybody else. i was wondering if anybody else had any interesting examples of things like that.	6
my friends cant handle my existentialism/angst rn idk whats wrong with me. why i can just shut up and be happy with my fucking suburban middle class beat. everything is frustrating me but that wont stop me from trying to change shit	0
hello i want friends i am a very cool teenage human and i want friends please and thank you. if you want to be friends leave a comment or dm me	0
oh no its 9:30pm you know what that means its h o r n y hours	5
well boys i fuckin did it. i'm out of the friend zone. onto friends with benefits. later virgins	16
crush slipping away :( i haven't gotten to hang out with my crush since last month and i swear i can feel him slipping away. i don't mean to bum anyone out but i feel like i mess up every "romantic" opportunity i have and i don't know how to fix it. we keep making plans to hang out but it always falls though	4
i really like this girl i really like her and i think she likes me. so yeah how to go further like any tips lol?	8
depressed femboy moments your boi is still hesitant to pull the plug early	0
disappointed my best friend's daughter just had a baby. i was going to make the 2 1/2 hour trip to go see them today, but i developed a cough last night. it isn't terrible, my throat is barely itchy, but i thought it'd be safer to stay away. maybe i'll be able to go next weekend, but today i'm really disappointed and feel at loose ends with myself	2
go to seatown in the minecraft server i committed a few epic gamer moments to the flags in front of the city	0
m 31 dating f 27. three weeks ago she asked me to be her bf, two weeks ago she tells me she loves me, this week she dumps me. backstory on the 27 f that i was dating. two years ago she was in a physically abusive relationship that almost killed her. fast forward to this october when we met. i met her and sparks flew immediately. we ended up hooking up this first night we ever met. at this time she was in the process of moving to the town that i lived in but wasn't in town full time yet. so from about the beginning of october, she would come into town for about four days to move stuff into her new place and to see me of course. things went well between us mostly except for a few red flags(she would pull away and become very distant for a few days before always coming back and saying she wanted to do this it was just her fears from her last relationship getting in the way. fast forward to mid-december she moves in, and we start hanging out all the time. sex is great, we are all over each other all the time, always doing things together, sleeping over with each other three nights a week, etc. etc. january comes, and we spend a great new years together. the following weeks seem only to get better. one day about two weeks ago she stopped me and ask if i'm serious about being part of her life...i say yes...she asked me to be her boyfriend...which enthusiastically say yes! the next week she tells all of her friends that's she has a bf and her parents. she even post a picture of us on her instagram. the next weekend marks are four months, and after a lovely date she pulls me aside and tells me she thinks she loves me. i tell her that i love her and we spend a great night together. i'm as happy as i can be. the next morning she wakes up saying that she had a dream that i cheated on her(her physically abusive ex also cheated on her all the time). she seemed very bothered by it...she tells me that night she needs her own space and would like to sleep alone. i have no problem with it. i don't hear from her much sunday or monday except for a call before bed telling me she loves me. i don't think much of it, but something in my gut was bothering me about it. i also told her she was welcome to sneak over if she wanted(just being flirty) and her response to that was almost like annoyance. "like i told you wanted to stay at my place why don't you get that," i tell her that i was joking and trying to be flirty..i apologize. the pivotal night i think was the past tuesday she called and invited me over at around 10:30...i can tell she's drunk and i'm dead sober. i go over, and she's playing drinking games with her roommate (i'll call her ryan), ryan's guy she's hooking up with and his friend. i'm tired and annoyed plus i'm not feeling well. my girlfriend is showing a lot of attention to this other guy(including at one point telling him she had hair product to help his hair, going and getting in and rubbing in his hair right in front of me. i gave her a look of being annoyed/jealous which she noticed right away. she tried to come to start talking to me, but at this time i was also feeling very sick(turns out i had food poisoning) i get very ill later on that night, and she helps but mostly seems annoyed by doing so. after everyone leaves, i'm in her bed sick as a dog, and i can hear her and her friend ryan whispering in the living room. after about an hour she comes in but is very distant. i stay the next night with her, and we have a talk about us, and she asks if i'm possessive or the jealous type and i say no(which i have never been towards her or anyone) i admit that she made me a little jealous that night plus i was already feeling sick. i said it was stupid and i wasn't worried about it and didn't want to fight. she agreed and said sorry once again her fears got into her head that night, and that's why she was acting so weird. the next night she's distance again. i don't see her, and she doesn't even call me/or text me good night...which is uncommon. i go to bed. i wake up with a paragraph text on friday morning saying, basically she's going out of town this weekend to see her parents, and she needs space and doesn't want me to call or try and talk to her at all. i freak out admittedly...i try and call her but no answer. i text her saying space is fine, but i would like to talk to her before she leaves to try and figure out whatever problem this is. she doesn't respond until late that night. she asks me to bring a pregnancy test over(she was late on her period) i come over with the test(she is drunk), and we take it together...not pregnant btw. then she comes out of her room with all my stuff packed up and gives it to me. she says she can't be my girlfriend anymore. that's she loves me and is in love with me, but can't give me 100 percent of what i need. that she's going to keep pulling away. also, a bunch of stuff about how she needs to focus on herself and her friends. i'm upset and asking questions like why did you tell me you love me, why did you ask me to be your bf, etc. etc...she seems angry and annoyed and keeps saying why don't you get it. she goes out of town this weekend, and we have mutual friends who show me her insta story of her out partying with a bunch of people...they blocked me from seeing her stories . i'm so confused at this point. i go out saturday night with friends and get very drunk and regrettably call her late leaving a message saying i miss her, and i'm so confused, i just want to talk, etc., etc., she also posted a picture of her and her friends out that night that i liked while i was drunk that same night. i wake up sunday, and i'm blocked. on everything...i'm blocked on instagram , i tried to call her after seeing that, and i'm blocked on her phone as well. to make this short, i'm so confused. i need advice. i need someone to help me make sense of this. i love her and care about her deeply, and i don't get what i've done wrong. i know i should have given her space, but i'm just so mindfucked by being so vulnerable with her and telling each other we love each other and then going immediately to this. completely cut off. we have never had a fight or a argument. i'm truly devastated and confused. what did i do wrong? please help! tl;dr: basically had a great relationship going with a amazing girl. girl does have a past horribly abusive relationship, i was her first relationship following that one. girl ask me to be her bf, tells all her friends and family, girls tells me she loves me, girl dumps me the week following.	10
my childhood hero cameron boyce just died rip	4
asking questions for anyone who has read and tried marie kondo's tidying methods i have awesome friends and they bought me the perfect book for christmas-- while it is inspiring me i am also terrified to begin tidying. to those who stayed true to her methods, i have some questions if you could answer any or all-- 1. how did you hurdle over getting rid of sentimental things? 2. did you feel a big difference before and after? 3. do you regret tossing anything out, if so what happened next? 4. should someone budget for buying new stuff because so much stuff got discarded? 5. was it scary for you as well? 6. any input at all. this book is inviting me to live boldly in my space, and i'm shocked at how much it gives me anxiety haha hoping for support or more information from anyone else who has tried. love.	1
goodnigt west coast i am sad sleep well tho	18
i just shit commented for awhile your welcome	0
wtfff!! i can't believe this just found out that you can search for meme templates in memeatic	5
i see that there's competition in shitposting i ain't giving up this easily tho	16
got in a car wreck while out of town for an interview and now officially bored. ripped most of my bumper off and got falsely accused if drunk driving at 9am. how's everyone's life today? update: apparently removing the entire bumper is an option. they're currently just taking off the bumper so i can drive home today. seriously considering just biting the bullet and buying a new damn car.	1
has anyone ever been in a situation like this? i might a man online and we talked for a week before we met each other. we lived about 50 minutes away from each other. i work in his town so we decided that we would meet up for dinner after work. we became super curious to know what it would be like meeting face to face so we moved up the date. he told me he would come to my town, awesome! it would save me on gas . last minute he asks if i could come to his town fine. while driving down i was upset and didn't think the date would go well. he was late to the date but shit happens right? when we finally meet up i notice that he looks a bit older than his age. so we finally sit down with drinks in hand and begin getting to know each other. he started to talk first, he seemed a bit nervous. so i just let him talk. listening to him we had a lot in common! i was getting a bit excited getting to know him. we walked outside of the coffee house into this candy museum. that's where we kissed! this date was going a lot better than i anticipated. we then walked around the park for hours and talked about life and what we wanted from it. he then told me how he didn't have any expectations at the start of the date, he explained to me how some people were dull or that they wouldn't even show up! we decided to get food afterwards. since it was a holiday not that many places where open so we decided to go back to his place to watch bojack horseman! he had never seen it and i insisted that it was a good show. ( i know this may sound a bit dangerous going over someone's house that you just met but i texted my friends the address and checked in with them every two hours until i knew that i was okay). once we got into his home he showed me around. then we began making it and other adult things happen, it was consensual. afterwards we ended up watch bojack horseman and did more adult thing throughout the night which was still consensual. it was around 3am he told me his anxieties. he told me that his mind was on the what-if train. we're both christian and we admitted to each other some anxieties that we had about entering relationships. we told each other that if god wants us together than it will happen. but i also believe that a person has to be intentional with their decisions. we go to sleep. he insisted that i spend the night. i wake up and i can tell that he is still anxious. we had planned to spend this day together. he has kids from a previous marriage that he has part time this day he didn't have the kids. i get ready for work and leave. while at was at work i started reflecting on his nervousness and decided to cancel the meeting up with him after work. i read in a dating book that women have to make a man want to miss them? how true this is i don't know. two days later he told me how his anxieties never left and that he felt god say not now or this one. i was sad. what can you say to that? i was sad for a couple of weeks then stopped thinking about it. i apart of me hope's that we reconnect and the other part of me is excited to meet someone new. please provide some insight and encouragement tl;dr guy that i was seeing claims that god said not to move forward with me.	1
looking for a friend 18/m hey i'm ben and i'm 18 from ireland! looking for a long lasting friendship. i'm into games, movies and other casual stuff so message me if your looking to chat! thanks 🏼	18
just opened a 65 year old bottle of tequila. i'm gonna eat the worm i think... grandma found it in her attic. 65 years old and unopened from a vacation to mexico many moons ago. it tastes so smooth. i think by the time i'm done with the bottle tonight that worm is getting eaten...kinda weird thinking about eating a 65 year old worm	10
you know what hurts? putting your phone on charge at night and wake up to find you forgot to switch it on and it's still at 20%	11
goodbye(not a suicide message btw) guys i just want to say goodbye. i want to say i love all of you even the ones i don't know(all of you).i'll be driving to chicago, illinois on thursday and i live in jersey. it is going to be 12 hours and 33 minutes according to my calculations,so i might die,the longest drive i've been on is on 7 hours. i love you all so much if i make it i'll post again but still goodbye .	4
g u y s thank you all so so so much for all your incredible support. i'm currently in and out of hospital getting treated for the overdose. thanks to everyone for caring. i love you all so incredibly much. i hope you're doing well and should you ever be in the place i was in at that time please reach out to anyone at all, i'm always here to talk!	3
how did this happen so my girlbestfriend(my crush) and i usually hug eachother or are close with eachother and everyone thinks we're dating. she constantly tells ppl she'd ever touch me like that but today she kissed me and we did stuff and idk how it happened but now were like bsf with benefits	4
i am so proud of my country new zealand i have never seen such genuine and hard warming acts of solidarity in my life. i'm 19 and feel as though the world has gotten more and more angry over time and what has occurred has been so hard on the nation. but our nation is so blessed, to see how we are all coming together during this time. vigils are being held everywhere, women around uni campus are wearing hijabs, the mannequins in clothing stores have hijabs on. the mosques around the country are flodded with beautiful flowers and candles. although what has happened is absolutely devastating, it is beautiful so see such beautiful acts of solidarity. hate will not win. kia kaha	3
i feel empty as my balls after i nut i just wanna be happy	2
i saw in the upper right corner of cc. [deleted]	8
putting a rocket hot fork in my mouth obligatory "it didn't happen today". it was last thursday. i had a tooth/gum ache that was killer. i have an abscess that comes and goes where my wisdom tooth would be. the dentist can't figure it out, so i just deal with it until the pain passes, usually in a day or two. anyway, i had taken some ibuprofen but it wasn't kicking in fast enough. i remembered i had some leftover pain pills from a surgery i had last december, so i fished them out of the cabinet, popped one and settled down to wait for it to do its magic. within a few minutes i was feeling a lot better. so much so that i decided that i wanted something sweet. (probably not the wisest choice of snacks when you're dealing with a toothache already but i was floating somewhere in the atmosphere.) cut to me in the kitchen digging out the stuff i conveniently had on hand to make s'mores. the weekend camping trip i had planned was canceled due to rain and i wasn't gonna let it go to waste. i laid everything out, stuck a marshmallow on the end of a fork and went to town roasting it over a burner on the stove. when i was satisfied with the toasty-ness of said marshmallow, i sandwiched it between the chocolate and cracker and slid the fork out, revealing half of the marshmallow still stuck to the fork. this is where i make the dumbest mistake of my adult life to date; i stuck the molten hot fork in my mouth to get the last little bit of marshmallow. my lips immediately seared around the fork and the pain of a thousand toothaches hits me all at once. thankfully no one was home to witness me at the kitchen sink furiously splashing water at my ruined lips. i still have blisters. kids, please don't try this at home tl;dr i got high on (legal) pain meds and roasted a marshmallow in my kitchen. then my dumb ass stuck the hot fork in my mouth to get the last little bit, burning the ever loving hell out of my inner lips.	7
can i be considered a skinny legend already	13
you should know that you are beautiful. and no matter what you may think of yourself, you really are special and one of a kind. things may not be working out for the best right now and that's okay! you need those hard times because that'll help you blossom into the beautiful amazing person i know you are! so please please please! just once for me and for yourself, smile...the world needs more of that beautiful smile. and if you ever forget that just remember that you got a friend in me and i will help remind you	6
i paid off my car!! i bought my first car, and had my very first loan 5 years ago, and today i paid the final balance! now i only have some cc debt to finish and i'm so happy	8
i'm getting married soon, tell me about your wedding day what was your wedding day like, did it all go to plan? was it a small ceremony or a big party? i'm so excited and i wanna know all about everyone's big day	6
i have to go to school in 20 mins and i haven't done my homework yeah, i'm a cool kid	0
smh my head girl only want me for my diary of a wimpy kid 16 book collection set by jeff kinney	2
skinny boys got that 8 inch penis with the curve	17
i hated this girl who came to my family's 4th of july party. so i convinced her it would be super cool to turn a firework upside down and light it. it exploded and now she has first degree burns on her face and arms. now that's what ai call a pro-gamer move	0
man if i had a girlfriend i'd cook her anything she wants if she says "i'm hungry " i will cook her anything she wants, exactly how much too	13
2m update and hopefully some helpful words i posted not too long ago about the loss of a family friend, an uncle, and my sister to suicide. yesterday we celebrated what would've been my sisters 26th, as well as the 2 month anniversary of her death. here are some things i myself have used and have found unspeakable solace in. moving is a wonderful thing. it's the last thing you want to do of course, but keeping busy after the first initial weeks of shock and arrangements, consistently meeting different people for lunch that might help you talk through some emotions has been a saving grace. this may not be the case for everybody, but continuously moving made it so i woke up naturally energetic and was worn out by the time 12:00 am came around. keeping on top of your normal sleeping rhythm from before can help you keep it so you don't stay up all night staring at the wall thinking about the worst. writing every single thing down in a journal to get them out of your head. the circumstances surrounding my sisters death as well as seeing and id'ing her afterwards was very dark, confusing and sickening. it took a while to get a therapist and i felt like i couldn't put what i saw and felt onto another human being without a phd in trauma or whatever. it felt as though these thoughts were explosive, and after the "i'm so sorry"s and the constant visitors ended and people got on with their own lives, i felt very vividly alone. writing it down, drawing what i was seeing- got it out of my head. and i could sleep. find yourself. and find a therapist. it's only been two months and i'm certainly no expert with grief, but i will recommend therapy any day. i saw one before, and definitely need one now. they can be an extra friend, who you can vent the absolutely terrifying things to without judgement. and they can help you realize ways to change your mindset for the better to get through through a week. there's definitely a lot more to it and nothings as easy done as it is said, but if anyone reading this needs some direction, know that you can find it amidst this pain. keep your head up everybody, keep on living for them	3
help a gal out it's my birthday and it hasnt been the best. i'm in the mood to be an emotional drama queen on the couch with a big bowl of ice cream so recommend some movies that will make me cry like a baby please & thanks	3
bruh i was walking to this store and my mask fell out of my pocket and i guess this guy saw, and was trying to give me one but i didn't know he was talking to me i was 10 ft away and earbuds in i found my mask on the ground tho luckily filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	4
can anyone add me to their steam family share? thanks (: well, i need like more games but i'm #broke so i can't have much, and i missed the sale so yeah, and yeah, thanks if you wanna do it,	13
i prefer my son/daughter to be gay filler filler hahagsjajhahdhjskahdhsheksjdb	19
so many kids at my school brag about how sex they had and then there's me	4
do you ever just look at a comment and think to yourself "shiiii i should've thought about that" some of you all are funny af tho	4
it seems like all rap music on the radio are such crap i feel like it is just so ratchet that i cannot stand to listen to it even for a second. i don't even know if there such a thing as decent rap music.	10
how is property so cheap in america? don't ask why, but i was looking at property in america and the houses are soooooo cheap compared to here in australia. i can literally get a mansion there for the same price as a tiny appartment here	7
i'm starting to like fortnite again sorry i'm a cring normie	5
i literally wanna kill myself bruh like this just might be it i'm so done. all i do is starve myself and then binge eat and work. i work at a family owned car wash until 6pm or so and by then i'm so tired i can't even enjoy myself i wake up at 5am every.single.fucking.day to clean the floor at a restaurant i'm so tired. i do schoolwork and by then it's already 9pm i don't have a home my friends left me i'm so done i wanna die i'm so fat i can't. i'm 15 im wasting my teenage years i hate my life.	4
did i fuck it up? so i'm drunk rn and i am texting this girl who i am interested in and she seems interested in me. the problem is that i texted her at we wrote for a bit but she ended up leaving me on read after about 7-10 messages. i am really scared that i ruined iy by texting her while drunk and i don't wanna ruin anything and i feel like i have ruined it and i am about to cry	4
i can hear my sister crying :/ whats wrong sissy idk wanna bother her tho	2
since when did this become a sub for people to face reveal also why i didn't come here to become self conscious bc ur all hot	5
trying to locate a tv show episode that i vaguely remember is killing me! i thought that it was an early "black mirror" but it's not. can you help? a couple of years ago, when i was new to netflix (2015ish?), i saw a few episodes of a creepy show that seemed to focus on technology being abused. sounds like "black mirror," right? i know. but it wasn't. and now it's driving me crazy trying to remember what show it was and locate it to watch again. one episode (or segment) had to do with a girl being chased around a city at night, and she encounters a guy who offers to help her, but then it's revealed that she's with a few other guys and they're psychos, and i think that they kill the good guy. i know that's vague. my next memory may better help you to help me figure out what show this was. a guy is driving around at night, listening to his gps as it guides him to his programmed destination. but eventually he ends up outside the city in some sort of abandoned industrial area. he starts to curse at his gps, and the voice on the gps curses back at him. he ends up getting stabbed to death by what we are supposed to surmise was the person behind the hacking of his gps to deliberately lead him out to this ambush. if you know what friggin' show i saw this on, please tell me. thanks! by the way, this is my first-ever activity on reddit -- 01/04/2019.	8
i like lasagna do you like lasagna leave your opinion on the comments down below	0
is the stripper included with the nightclub? no youll have to hire em, damn aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa	2
its past my bedtime filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	0
i just wanna fall asleep in someone's arms man anytime it's bed that's all i can think about smh taking wife applications to fulfill it	5
i just stumbled into this thread, it made me smile and cry :) but i'm glad i found it.	6
i'm in bed and have f18 jets flying over me every 30 seconds how am i gonna sleep	2
hey! i've got a little favor. hi guys! i'm a frequent lurker on here (not anymore, lol), and i've got a favor for you guys. so recently i just became mod of this sub, right? and that's really exciting, especially since it's my first subreddit to mod on. sadly, this subreddit is really small and doesn't have many posts. that's why i'm here. i wanted to spread the word of this subreddit: r/moldyinteresting . you get to look at pictures of mold and ask questions regarding mold. if you're interested, then join! it would be a big help. if not, try and keep it in mind for the next time you see mold. then snap it and put it there (of course this is done by your consent i swear). anyways, please join, i'm not being held hostage or anything, i just wanted to spread the word! thanks! boss said he'd give me more food in the basement if you guys join	6
help; my crush (14) likes someone else other than me and i'm worried that she's going to be taken. i have no idea how to tell her i like her, i'm too introverted and nervous and i'm scared she will say no. im also scared that i am going to run out of time and then she will be taken by someone else.	2
today i saw a cute guy when driving we made eye contact he looked away first	2
letting my son go to the 'doctor.' i'm writing this while driving home from the hospital. this all started when i dropped my son off at kindergarten this morning, he was complaining of a sore throats and had a loud cough. he was extremely reluctant to go, but i forced him because he's just a child what does he know . anyway getting back to the story, at work i got a call saying he had a high fever and was drifting in and out of consciousness, i wasn't worried as this happened many times when he was a baby. my son isn't vaccinated, i'm a real doctor (chiropractor) and have seen the effects of vaccines on children. the teacher informed me that he had been taken to the hospital. this was bad news as he was in the hands of the organ harvesters. i raced from work to the hospital, when i arrived he was in stable condition but was sleeping. i talked to one of the doctors bribed by big pharma about the treatment they had done to him. the doctor explained how my son had whooping cough and had all his vaccinations done. i was furious, they had given my son autism. i cussed the doctor out and ripped my son out of his room and drove off. i'm hoping he doesn't turn out like our other child, that died from his vaccines. but i'm getting back at the doctors. i'm forcing my son to go to school tomorrow to test the 'herd immunity' of the vaccinated kids. tl;dr i got my son vaccinated.	1
i am incredibly racist and that is true no i don't race there is no punchline	0
hi do you have anything planned for today? i just got out of my guitar lesson and now at my macdonalds waiting for my order to be ready i got an english exam in about an hour or so so i have to get ready for it so i apologize in advance for the people i dont reply to i'll reply when i get the chance to i hope everyone has an amazing day	6
let's rp as cringe ass 14 year old white girls i'll start: current mood: just when you thought he was special and that he truly loved you, he left and talked to another girl because i was super-possessive \~14 year old girl who is hot but too cringy for any boy to date her	2
my iq is lower than my body count	2
what would genuinely make your life better right now? i don't know if this is the correct thread but i just wondered what would honestly make your life better at this moment in time. big, small scale, random, strange or obvious...	10
there's gonna be cake in the office in an hour and i'm psyched! it's someone's birthday and i've been informed that cake is arriving here in an hour... i wonder what flavor it'll be. i asked the guy next to me and he doesn't know either. all he said was "cake is cake" haha. i agree and i'm excited. waaaaayyyy too excited for a simple thing but hey, gotta appreciate the little joys :) how's your day so far? edit: there were four cakes! four!!! i love cakessss!!! here's an image of the cakes <url> <url>	6
things to say to my gf anything wholesome to just text to her to make her seem more interested in me	0
im rich as fuck bois! i found 8 dollars	6
i've deticated myself to giving virtual hugs and spreading love but someone please give me a hug right now	4
mom found my drugs jokes on her i hide my second stash somewhere else	0
let me come home home is wherever i'm with you	3
i can't go to sleep it's currently 2:30 and i'm wide awake as an owl. i did feel slept at 12 and woke up accidentally at 12:40 so i've been laying in ben for 2 hours trying to go to sleep but no luck . any help would be appreciated	2
my (23f) ex-boyfriend (28m) of 3 years texted me. reply or block? or both? hi everything, probably a small dilemma considering what usually comes on here. i was dating this guy for 3 years. let's call him f. i loved him and i think i was a really good partner to him. we broke up early this year because he had changed so much and we were growing apart. in the course of our relationship he cheated on me maybe 3 times? i kept taking him back (never doing that again ). so we broke up and he unfollowed me everywhere, which i'm ok with. i didn't do the same, didn't really see any point to haha. it's been about 4 months now since the break up. i didn't feel heartbroken at all. i think we'd just reached that point where the relationship had come to term and i was ok with that. also, there was already someone else i wanted to get to know whom i had been keeping at bay because of f. btw the break up was kind of a conversation but he basically pulled the trigger so i like to say he broke up with me. not vice versa. may 10th f sent me a message. it was a long apology style message where he basically was going on and on about what he did wrong and he's sorry for hurting me blah blah. felt like one of those apologies you make to make yourself feel better about ducking up. i replied almost immediately saying thanks for the apology and i hold nothing against him. which is true and i didn't want to make him wait and cause tension about what i was gonna say. just simply wrapped it up and said thanks and have a good day. now to the actual point of issue: last night he texted me again. with a picture of one of the letters i wrote him when we were together and the caption "how did we lose this?" followed by messages about how he's starting to realise how he ducked up and how his unfaithfulness caused all this and he's so sorry for disappointing me. actually, i'll post them here: "you know l sit here and recollect. through the years, as l get informed, l just reqlize now that my unfaithfulness to you was from a point of addiction and the silence of it am so sorry this costed us! i keep praying that you heal from all of the pain and disgust and find joy,peace and love where you can feel all good that you deserve! you are a beautiful story l for a fact know there has never been anyone who got me like you did i am so sorry admirableroof for all the disappointments knowing that l might never have what l had with you is something thats a very sad reality for me i am sorry. you were my best friend true genuine human being who loved me with my flaws and always saw the best in me you spoke encouragement over my life, supported and pushed me to better and most importantly believed in me admirableroof l will never be able to take it all back i have so much respect for you" this is what i woke up to. so i'm not phased at all. i'm not still hung up on him i'm actually in a really happy place with the new guy i'm seeing. i very rarely think about him but i always want the best for him and truly believe he deserves to be happy. so i'm torn between replying to ask him not to message me any more, just blocking him without conversation or saying something like "too little too late" and then blocking him. i can't tell if he's trying to get back with me? thanks for getting this far! tldr: ex is trying to reach back out to me, what should i do? or not do?	12
kinda sucks dude i should be studying. i wish i had friends to facetime or call to study with and just rant about how stressful it is and everything.	13
well thats kinda mean guys [why u hate me ](<url>)	2
have a happy day today hope all of you are having a good day today. especially those of you who lost your mom, never had the mom you deserve, or wanted to be a mom and can't. sending love your way - take care of yourselves	3
if you're good at something never do it for free so i've decided to charge for my lines hmu for my prices	0
can i just say.... my post history is amazing and sexy asf thats all	0
so i have chickenpox for the first time at 43 years old. i've been feeling sick with flu like symptoms the past couple days - fever, chills, dizzy, sweats, etc. i woke up this morning and was covered in small little sores that look like pimples, but pretty painful and itchy. i didn't think it was chickenpox right away because my mom had told stories before about us (her children) all getting chickenpox as kids. i went to the doctor and he has confirmed that it's chickenpox. he was actually pretty excited because he's never seen adult chickenpox in his medical career. he prescribed valacyclovir which i have to take 3 times a day for the next week which, as my doctor put it, may help a little. apparently the virus just has to run its course and the meds will *maybe* help it not be so severe. i called my mom after the diagnosis and now she can't remember so well if we had chickenpox or not! *sigh* anyway, just feeling a bit down about it all and trying to take my mind off the pain and itchiness!! thanks for reading :)	11
my (26f) fiance (24m) is terrible at gift giving. so, i love my fiance dearly but he is just the worst at gift giving. and hey, its not like im a materialistic person. he just isn't really interested in giving things to other people and it bothers me. he's going to go shopping tomorrow with one of his friends (who doesn't know me very well, but is helping purely because they are also a woman) to pick out a gift for me. i can already tell i'll hate it. i always put a lot of effort into the holidays and spend a lot of time (i'm crafty) and money on my close friends and my mom who is my only family, every year. when he gifts it's only ever one thing, always under 20$, (we're not well off, but we make about the same and have the same expenses. i dont have a hard time budgeting 50ish bucks for each person on my gifting list) and it's never wrapped. he's never made me anything though also being a crafty type. i'm starting to think it must feel like an obligation to him and he just wants to get away with the bare minimum. (i tried to do the same and put minimal effort into a gift so he can see how it feels... but i can't. ) another thing that drives me crazy is that he has a large family and his grandmas and aunts and uncles will all mail him gifts for christmas, so he will get several boxes of presents and handmade treats every year and *he won't even send a thank you card or call them.* i admit, im jealous. his parents easily spend several hundred bucks on him every year too. (tbh i dont think he even gives them anything) i feel very much sometimes he doesn't appreciate what he has. maybe my perspective with this is very different. i've only ever been obligated to get things for my mom, and i love doing things for her. but he has this huge family and and maybe finds gifting to be overwhelming? i honestly hate the way this makes me feel. i can't help comparing all the time and effort i put into what i give to him to the lack of what i would consider quality gifts he has given me. also, i generally just feel ungrateful and have such a hard time talking to him about it. gift giving has always been an important way of expressing love for me, and i know its not the same for him. i wish we could come to some sort of understanding. as an example: this year he gave me a $15 stuffed animal for my birthday. i expressed repeatedly that i dont like gifts that aren't practical beforehand. i also found out he bought it very intentionally, a month in advance. he doesn't know that i hate it. i know that the solution is communicating. but i dont really have the words.	12
imma just stop hitting people up when ever i ask someone to chill they got something to do but if they ask me to chill and i don't i'm fake ? yea gtfomf	2
i wish i were a bot programmed to do some simple stuff life fucking sucks. # # # #	2
i am very lonely i just want to play melty blood with somebody...	2
who is single here haha cause i'm not	0
are you a dohnut? cause i wanna put that hole into good use	17
how's everyone's evening going so far? i am not including americans in this (jk pls tell me how your day is going)	0
i still think about this to this day so when we were in school like when the winter break was coming 2020, there was this girl talking to some teachers about like drinking milk in a classroom. she wasn't in trouble but she was just playing around with the teachers. so when i got to my class i was supposed to be at i saw her switching classes standing in the doorway. she was so fucking pretty i couldn't stop staring at her. i don't know her name but she's kinda popular and hung around with the popular kids. she caught me staring at her and we were just staring at each other. when i realized this i still couldn't stop staring. we then had to enter our classes and we broke eye contact and just moved on. i hope when i go back to school i see her again. and i also hope she doesn't remember that moment.	4
when facebook, instagram and whatsapp are down reddit is up	0
goddamnit bro im sick of bein lonely i just need a set of thighs i can sleep on argh	15
when my deep sleeping roommate work up at 3am by the strong stench of garlic coming from my dick. when my roomate woke up at 3am from the smell of garlic coming through my dick i am horny person and i look for every opportunity to fuck. it was a warm sunny day and i get a random snapchat from this girl i hooked up with long time ago, and did not seen her ever since. she snapped a picture of her hot body with massive boobs and thick ass in front of mirror wearing yoga pants and sports bra, she wrote " i am famished ". being horny, i seized that opportunity and played my charm and asked her out for dinner, hoping for a good fuck after. so in the next 30 mins since her snap we are at buffalo wild wings. i bought her couple of drinks and we were easing into the conversations as to not make it awkward about not seeing/talking to each other ever since we hooked up. we were doing well and we ordered some garlic bread and parmesan garlic wings, she loved garlic for some reason and i didn't care care as long as i got to fuck her. we got along well, had great conversation and i could sense that she was really into me. i wanted a good fuck bad , right after we were finished eating i payed the bill, i hold her hand and without saying a word we start walking back to her place. 5 mins later we are at her room and without wasting much time i cut through the chase and start making out with her. i take off her bra, as i am right about to take off her pants she stops me to tell me she is on her period. i was a little disappointed but my dick so hard it was about to explode and i needed to bust a nut fast. so i convinced her to blow me instead and she agreed. with my dick hard as a rock, she sucked my dick like a vacuum with her stroking motion made my horn-dogs calm. apparently she liked the taste of my dick and went on to blow me couple of more times that night. when my nut sack was no longer able to produce any more sperms for the night, i decided to go back to my place went straight to sleep in my boxer. my roommate comes back from his day soon after me and he too goes to sleep. now it's 3 in the morning and the whole room smelled like garlic, it got so unbearable that my roommate woke up to spray entire bottle of fabreez and 2 hours later the smell reappeared, he couldn't sleep rest of that night. the next morning when my own stench finally got unbearable and it woke me up, i was more amused that my dick had the power to erect my deep sleeper roommate. when all the alarms failed my dick prevailed . tl;dr took a girl to dinner and ordered garlic bread, went to her place where she blew me. i go back to my room and sleep, my roommate wakes at 3 am from the stench of garlic.	1
damn its almost midnight and i'm feeling lonely i wish i had someone to hug and cuddle with filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	2
two weeks ago i began working a 2nd job to supplement my income and now idk if i can keep it my main source of income is working 6am-2pm at a grocery store. i specifically worked it out with my boss there that i would only open so that in the afternoons/evenings i could work/close my 2nd job. my 2nd job is a restaurant that opens on memorial day. we'll have different schedules once the grand opening happens, i hope, but right now the entire night crew has been working until 3:30-9pm for a week. but this restaurant will be open until midnight on the weekends, which makes it extremely tough on me now that my boss at the grocery store has decided that 2 or 3 of us need to be at the store at 5am on the weekends to stock shelves instead of 6am. i just worked open to close between both jobs yesterday and the day before. this morning i do the same thing, except it's almost 4:30am and i need to leave for work and i am burned out. how changing the schedule like this without notice acceptable? only a couple employees are expected to do it too. that's what kills me. i'm not even getting 40 hours there. showing up that fucking early might be worth it if i were getting overtime. if you made it this far, thanks for indulging my rant! time to guzzle some coffee and snuggle my dog before i leave her for third full day in a row	2
exam tomorrow, just need some company to pass the time today 20m soo yeah, hello i'm in university right now and about to finish my 2nd year tomorrow with my last exam. sort of in a bored mood and just need to pass the time today so tomorrow occurs just that little but faster. some if the things i guess we could talk about would maybe include movies - action, drama, romcom, fantasy.... tv shows reading - true story, action, horror..... video games - most platforms outdoorsy things - good views,camping.... sports - any kind food/drink i know its not a lot to go on but it can be talked about hopefully speak soon	6
spamming a lot today because people on reddit are so cool facebook, instagram, youtube, google+ (rip), snapchat and etc didn't take me that long to understand it pros and cons and it's purpose as they're very popular. ironically reddit wasn't popular in my area or to me in my eyes and i never understood it. now after 2 years i finally see why reddit is indeed more popular than any other social platform in a sense that reddit has a place for almost everyone and everything. i used to hate reddit because of my ignorance towards "new things", but actually giving it a try and learning from others... i understand now how important reddit is to the social community. and oh! the people here are great... some can be a little bit too savage though but i you can't complain because that's what makes reddit, reddit.	0
when i asked if i'm the asshole forgive me if i misunderstand some of the rules, its my first time posting here. tldr, i made fun of an instagram model that was using a hideous amount of bad photoshop to make herself look like a worm. i'll [link the imag](<url>)[e](<url>). whiteknight private messaged me the following. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ hey, fuck-o. looks like your post got taken down by the mods. next time you think your patronizing sophistry about perception or what-not holds any validity, remember that once words leave your skull that literally the only thing that matters is how people interpret what you say. i'll say it in simple terms just to get the point across; # when someone is beating your shit in, saying "that isn't what i meant" will not stop them from rearranging your face. maybe you would see that, if you could dislodge your disproportionately swollen head from the echoing chamber that is your bigoted ass. but hey if you don't do it yourself, life will do it for you and i'll just laugh. and one more thing. i'm sorry you have never seen a fit, health oriented woman in your life. perhaps if you left your cave long enough to go to the gym, you would have to fake being so worldly on reddit. next time keep your mouth shut before you prove how much of a incel you really are. sincerely, a recovered anorexic man. p.s ; actually, stay in your cave. i don't want people to have to suffer from your existence taking up their space. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ then i responded \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ lmfaoooooooo!!! thank you so much, this definitely makes everything i posted so much more worth it. watching you sit there and pull your own pubes out over a pathetic post is gratifying in ways you can only barely begin to grasp. i won't grant any false validity to your absolutely ridiculous points, you're clearly not mentally healthy. it's wonderful that you have been obsessing over my post for so many hours. it's positively delightful! i will definitely be screenshot ing this amazing artistic rant for future chuckles and maybe some cheap upvotes! bless your retarded mothers overly used cunt, to have given birth to such an amazingly inept and outrageously entertaining dolt. that post was less than five seconds of re-post from instagram reality for me. but for you, it was like a day and a half of agony. truly you are a fountain of refreshing, anorexic brain death. thank you ! \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and then my friend told me to post it onto amitheasshole for judgement....i am now perma banned from the sub, lmfao, and the mod seems utterly disgusted with me. lots of context i'm leaving out, and no i don't have anything against people with mental illness, i just say whatever to get under your skin if you fight me online. i don't feel sorry criticizing the model. unattainable beauty standards are dangerous and cause anorexia. people have died trying to imitate a photoshop body and anyone who thinks putting [this](<url>) out as reality deserves to be satired...but yeah, i shouldn't have responded to this asshole and i shouldn't have done as my friend suggested and posted this on some subreddit i was unfamiliar with. two fuck ups for the price of one! i should have just reported him, but i'm pretty sure that boat as sailed after the shots i took as his moms cunt. so yeah, thats how i fucked up today.	3
why do i get so pissed off at people who are very emotional like i just don't understand how some people can be so emotional. for me, i just don't feel emotions much. they seem like such a weakness and a waste of energy. i keep seeing people getting all emotional and i cant stop myself from thinking "why not just stop caring?" because thats what i do and it works perfectly fine i know this is a shitty thing to think but emotional people just piss me off at this point. i cant handle them being so irrational. i wanna just say shut the fuck up and stop caring because thats how it works for me. but i guess thats not how it works for other people. but i don't say anything and i sit there and listen cos i dont wanna hurt anyones feelings :/ idk emotions are so weird. like i understand the meaning behind them, but i dont understand feeling them so strongly maybe im just built different or a sociopath or sum shit. lmao i'd laugh if it turned out i actually was. but nah im pretty sure im just an asshole	0
wait wait wait so do you ever get the feeling of like so like you start to shake a lil bit and you look around and you think "i'm in danger" and you feel extreme fear for only like 2 seconds and then it goes away? please i'm scared	5
about to go back to therapy today it's been a couple months since therapy, trying to get my life in order and making sure i am talking about everything i'm going through. it's been a rough almost 6 years in my life and i'm only 19. i feel like i should be in my 40s. wish me luck	8
everyone out here complaining about double ads but ya boi out here flexin with youtube red	0
questions for boys and girls (boys) 1. have you ever had a girlfriend (be honest) (girls) 2. why do you like to break boys hearts. (everyone) 3. why do girls hate guys .	4
i look cute while wearing a beanie there's nothing more to this post i'm just letting you know	5
i was thinking when a cure for death old age and a solid control on illness is created, like all things i.e. medication, it likely won't work in everyone . so i wonder what the consequence of this would be. like would they separate the types of people or what ? ( like different schools different careers ) and would the ones likely to live a long time ever marry the ones likely to die in the century or would they rather not do that to them selves .	10
i did it, i actually did it i got the courage to tell my friend i liked her and she answered "we're already married silly:)"i thought i was gonna get rejected hardcore, because i am not the best good looking guy, that is for sure. she's so amazing and doesn't care that i'm 5'6 lol. she's 4'9 so it makes sense but i just thought she wouldn't like my height. there is a chance boys	12
so i absolutely regret not taking a gap year after high school. i'm currently attending a community college and i regret having ever attending there after i graduated from high school. i was denied admission to the college i really wanted to go to due to a low sat score and i was considering taking a gap year to be accepted and acquire a scholarship after getting a higher sat score but i decided to go to my community college because it was my safety school. i retook my sat and got a 1230 during my freshman year of cc and got accepted by the school i wanted to go to (usf) but i wouldn't be qualified to acquire the scholarship because i wouldn't be considered a freshman anymore. i would be considered a transfer student. i was 50 points away from getting the scholarship and i just wish i took a year off of school just to focus on my sat instead of spending a year and a half at a school i don't like and that i don't have to be at. i'm transferring sophomore year in the spring but i feel like i should've tooken a gap year so i would be able to spend 4 years at the university i really wanted to go to and only be in a small amount of debt. i just feel like my time and happiness has been wasted for a year and a half and i can never get that back. there's people that have a lot bigger problems than mine that are more important in general but this school i want to go to is really important to me so i'm currently venting. so my time is almost cut in half at university.	12
i am scared people can see what i am listening to on spotify i am listening to child songs right now welp	5
ask me absolutely anything and i'll answer it it's that time of the year when i'm too tired to do anything productive but too caffeinated to sleep	17
a tik tok star really followed me on insta and he slid in my dms. should i talk to him or is it too cringe	2
okay, time to decide this. what is the best group on r/teenagers? by group i mean age. who is the most coolio out of them all? i think i already know but i won't say to not be biased	0
what's your most memorable 'it's nice to win one' moment? i've enjoyed soccer for my whole life, been practicing on a team and training regularly for *ages*. i know that i'm not talented enough to go pro and a tad doubtful i'm good enough for a scholarship. but i know i'm good enough to usually be the best player when i play with friends in school or in a pick up game. so a lot of the time i'll ask myself; what's the point of all of this training and hard work if i know i won't make it? but i love the sport so much and really obsessed with it so that's what makes me continue really. well i moved to a new school and had no friends there at all. first two weeks have been dreadful, always alone. i went from being a well known and respected guy in a school, to the 'is he new or has he always been here?' kid in a new school. one lunch however, i played soccer with a bunch of the older guys and a couple kids my age, and i was the best by far. everyone asked for my name, which school i came from, whether i'll join the team etc. literally that day while i was leaving the school i found myself saying hi and giving the 'nods' in the halls again just like in my old school. i thanked my parents for giving me the opportunity to practice and attempt to excel in my passion. and i was just delighted to know that not only did i love soccer, but soccer loved me . i teared up a little since i was honestly so lonely for the first time in ages. i remembered the kevin scene in the office, where he gets a win from getting back his parking spots after breaking up with his fiancee and having a rough patch. 'it's just nice to win one' is what i kept telling myself on the way back. this was super long, really wanted to share though, but what's your 'it's nice to win one moment'?	12
yet another "she said yes" post. mom finally let me get chicken nuggets	0
hey guys i just woke up its 2pm	15
aye whats up reddit so i havent been on reddit for half a year cause i find reddit very cringe, so i am going to delete reddit. a little update in my life, i have a girlfriend now and i can finally say i am happy in my life	8
my dad recently committed suicide on november 20th, the day after my birthday. i'm struggling to make sense from it. on my birthday he even went with my wife and i to our 4d ultrasound to find out the gender of his second grandchild. he was stoked! it just doesn't make any sense at all	2
god ever since school ended my sleeping schedule has been fucked up today i woke up at 1:00	12
the beaches at the bitch thought my dogs were cute i'm in boys	0
currently having a mental break down cause i got randomly showed a picture of my worst fear on youtube,how are you guys doing? i'm thinking about going back to the mental hospital on christmas	0
i hate my mom sm she ruined me inmm so fucked up because of her and she couldn't care less	8
first night of living by myself. i miss my (mom's) dog so much! tell me about your pets. she only lives like 35 minutes away and i'm a grown ass woman lol. but i have cried for like an hour. she is my first pet, just turned 2. i know people have gone through way worse grief, but it's how i'm feeling right now. how do y'all get through homesickness/pet grief	4
yeah maybe i've been single for 15 years and 18 days i don't need a partner! whaaaat?! nooo! i'm not horny all the fucking time! i'm not craving attention! i'm not deprived of love! it's not like i haven't felt a human touch since february? hugs? don't need em. who needs a partner? not me, that's what! what would they even do? huh? hug me? snuggle me? make me happy? nope, definitely not! who needs em, amirite?! i am so lonely	19
glass pane? more like glass pain	2
i'm really excited with all the big things happening this year!!! i started my new job this year and there have been some great learning experiences career wise and personal wise. i'm really excited for my trip to la and vancouver in the summer, excited for borderlands 3 to finally launch as well as rage 2 and the borderlands remaster! i haven't gotten the borderlands remaster yet since i wanna pay for the range rover rental in la (the piece de resistance to living like an angelino for a week ). not so much for me, but my dad will also be retiring at the end of this school semester as well. do you you have anything big and exciting happening? looking forward to any new release?	1
- wallet got hacked first of all, i want to say that i am a crypto believer. i really think that cryptos has a bright future. i do not know how and when but it will certainly happen. however, in order to achieve the point of mass adoption, we need a safe environment. everyone talks about regulation and volatility, it is important of course, but security is to me the key element. you cannot wake up every morning wondering whether your wallet has vanished or not. naga wallet is part of naga group, a german listed company, headquartered in hamburg and thus regulated by the german authority. they have raised usd 30 million in one ipo and one ico. i trusted naga because it is german, regulated and they seemed to consider security as an important matter. i participated in the ico and gathered more than 20 cryptos and tokens in the naga wallet. as i mentioned last week, my naga wallet was hacked and all my cryptos were stolen. the naga wallet security protocol is weak and executed by amateurs. not only does naga refuse to take any responsibility and give me a refund but they are also incapable of apologizing. i sent 3 emails to the managers of naga (benjamin bilski, christoph bruck and yasin qureshi) who did not even bother to reply. this lack of empathy is actually what amazed me the most. i checked in the dictionary and i can confirm that the words "sorry" and "empathy" exist in german, so no excuses! you must spend too much time taking selfies at the stock exchange or in front of a bull in new york (so cliche by the way...). naga is a listed company in one europe's biggest countries. i urge the local regulator to investigate and force them to improve their security process or close the naga wallets. i also urge the financial medias to cover this story as the general public's savings are at stake (naga stock, naga coin and naga wallet). the police should conduct an investigation to try to find out who is behind this. as far as i know, it might as well be an insider job? my goal here is to let the public know about what happened to me so it does not happen again to anyone else. you might be a cryptos believer, curious about cryptos or have no interest in cryptos. actually, even if you are in the latter category, you can be sure that you have friends or family that have an interest for cryptos so it should be in your interest to spread this information. the cryptos lovers might think that it is better not to relay the story, but you are wrong. we need to put a stop to this rogue company, or at least force them to invest in a functional security system. that is the only way the cryptos market will gain trust and be able to develop. i have already started to contact lawyers, media, the police and the local regulators but i need your help to accelerate the process and make things move faster. in order to do so, i need you to like and share this post. besides, if you have connections within: the german financial regulator; media; or lawyers you are welcome to pm, email or call me (my contact info is on my profile). thank you for your time and as we teach our kids: sharing is caring? tl:dr trusted an ico and then got hacked losing money	6
lets go new profile status feature now people can ghost me in reddit and in real life	8
ok but.. i do find myself a 4/10 and that's very high on my scale because i used to think of myself as a 0. at good times i can be maybe a 5.5, so this is all about confidence	0
hey! you! yes you! why you looking so good today filler filler furry filler filler	5
hapy july forth america is now 2019 years old	0
how many people on here actually play fortnite un-ironically? i'm one of them	5
i give up dating... at least i'll have enough money saved up for the upcoming playstation 5, am i right fellow gamers	0
everyone says that girls should approach guys more but we all know we would fuck it up anyway	12
i feel like i'm failing i'm trying to love myself by spending time by myself. i went to the bar, the movies and a nail shop across town and i hated it. i spend too much time by myself but don't like being around people. how am i supposed to love myself if i can't stand to be alone? i have lost my passion to do what i love and have pushed the people i love away. i don't know what to do anymore	2
i want a boyfriend that's all. cute alt boy. shaggy hair. nice. funny. that's it. is it that hard ?!?eur*%*+@@&@&$	8
if you had a crush on someone, but someone else that is just as attractive like them asked you out, would you take it?	10
streaming with my friend (he's in a clan ) <url> say hi lol	5
i say "imma kms evrryday" anf and then i cri over miniscule amounts of pain cuz pain tolerance? who that idk her	11
yea fuck that. i'm not a beta male! i'm an *o m e g a* male lowest of the low #o sqaud rep	0
went outside with my friend for the first time! guys, it was my first time hanging out with a friend from outside of school and it was awesome! though my family kept asking when we left if she was my girlfriend . have any of y'all hung out with your bestie this weekend? i'd love to know! :d	1
i need some serious help fam where can i watch pride and prejudice 2005 for free it's not on soap2day	1
quick thank you. i just wanted to thank all of you for just being here. just reading this even if you don't comment. i never thought this sub would have such an impact on me when i first found it. you guys are so much fun. i'm going to sleep now but i love **all** of you.	6
what's the cutest pet a person could have? cat? nope. dog? only while they're puppies. turtle? nope. hamster? eh. now think about a bunny.. i'm already melting.. lmao so i had a pet bunny (used to call her bun bun) and she was so fluffy. no but seriously that bunny had super powers. my mom hated animals (even the cute ones ) idfk why she just does. but as time went by she started loving my bunny i'm like tf? she mine, get ur own bunny lmao. no but ya i had to leave bc military and i keep seeing bunnies from r/rabbits and holy cow i keep melting	4
i have developed a stutter lets gooo why why am i like this	0
i got lost staring at the starry sky in london... just about to get in home from my evening walk as it is a freezing right now in london, but i stopped to stare at the sky... you don't see many stars around london so i couldn't help but stare and wonder. what amazes me is i was more wow'd by the airplanes and how there are a group of people off to somewhere special. maybe with people they care about too. i can share things like this with this sub, cos you're all great too	18
advice please! i met this guy online a couple months ago and when we first started talking he told me that he wasn't interested in a relationship right now because his work is so unpredictable. which was totally fine i was very understanding and respectful of that. fast forward to today.. we have been talking basically everyday since and hanging out. we have been telling each other how much we like each other. but today he texted me saying that he didn't want to hang out anymore which i could take two ways.. like either he wants to try to distance himself from me cause he actually likes me that much? or he really isn't interested. what do you guys think? what would you do? i'm asking because i'm a little hurt by it i mean i started to really like him.	14
how do i [21f] get over something really cruel my ex-boyfriend [30m] said to me? my boyfriend and i broke up a few days ago. it was kind of an ugly break up, some mean words were exchanged but the break up was a long time coming and i got over the anger pretty quickly. he on the other hand didn't. i texted him today with some information that i needed to pass along. at the end of it i told him there's no hard feelings on my end and that i wish him nothing but the best. we were together for 2.5 years. it wasn't meant to open a conversation, initiate a reconciliation or anything. he got really worked up and started attacking me. one of the reasons we broke up is that he has a son and i told him i don't want to be a step mom. he took this as a personal attack against his son and said something to the affect of "you're crazy if you think your kids will be half of my kid, look at your genes." to that i just said good night. he then went on and sent me a picture of myself that he took a few weeks ago with " ". when he took it we both laughed at how silly i looked, it was in the worst possible angle and i was staring off into the distance. i might've been high. with the picture he said "this is the only picture of you i'm keeping to remind myself what an ugly fuck you truly are." i never thought someone i spent so much time with would be so mean and cruel to me. it's not that i think i'm ugly or really even think he thinks i'm ugly, but that he would go out of his way to try to bring me down like that. despite the horrible things he's done to me in our relationship, i've never stooped so low. i didn't respond to the message and don't plan to. but i'm really upset and hurt but don't want to be. how do i get over this? tldr; ex said something really horrible to me after we broke up	7
is it lust or love? having too much of desire to cuddle, kiss n hug someone, is it lust or love?	10
what do i (32f) say to my dad (67m) who drives for lyft and hurts for money more than i do, when he asks what i want for my birthday? my dad and i live across the country from each other. my mom and him split a decade ago. my dad doesn't have a lot of money, in fact he doesn't know i know this but he could lose his house. he is almost 70 and working just to get by. i wish i could support him but i'm a teacher and trying to start a family of my own. my mom helps, i know, even though they aren't together. anyways, i definitely don't want him spending money on me, i have everything i need really, but he has his pride. not sure now to put it to him. need some help with wording ideas! tl;dr: dad wants to get me a birthday present, don't want him spending money on me, what to say	10
anyone else get super baked before writing an essay than revising it in the morning one time i accidently submitted it when i was high n it was so awful but it helps me right a shit ton	1
guys help u/finace-horror is horny. <url> check here	4
i just got my driver's license! and i'm so happy about it because it takes soo long to get them in germany. anyways! what is something you're glad to have accomplished recently? let me know	6
my first post just figuring things out.. hi	8
help me build a playlist i've been listening to the same seven songs on repeat recently. i really need a switch up. send me a song or two and i'll build a spotify playlist! i'll link it back here once it gets going so we can all share it	8
pls help my friend my bestfriend needs your help. he needs 300 subs by the end of the year. pls help him by subscribing to his channel <url>	6
my brother asked me for a movie recommendation now he's watching black mirror s02e01 without any context he doesn't know anything about black mirror and the only thing i said to him was that it was a family movie	12
a bit late but happy pride month to all lgbtq folks! i'm personally not lgbtq but i still hope y'all feel proud to be who you are :) love all of you	3
my girlfriend is mad at me for not supporting her dream job she wants to be a stripper when she becomes an adult anyways life sucks gonna die now. edit: my friend (who is a huge simp for her) supports her and even directly encourages her to do it.	7
to the person that gives us gold. thank you. but was i really the one who started it? thanks for telling me i started it, i feel cool .	0
i got a girlfriend c: i'm 13 and i got a girlfriend and i'm super happy about it. this is my first wlw relationship and i'm really proud of myself, since a year ago i hated myself for being gay. so yeah.	8
when the mommy issues kick in i wanna lobotomy filler filler biller	7
pro tip: before fighting the ender dragon use a bed to set your spawnpoint right next to the end portal so if you die you can go get your stuff and keep on fighting	0
since i can't scream on top of a mountain right now, i've gotta unleash this somewhere!!! (i posted this originally in the 'happy' subreddit, but my post didn't pop up on their feed even after an hour had passed, despite it showing up on my profile. i figured i wasn't allowed to post on there for some unspoken reason, so here i am!) after losing my job the same day as losing my car ($1650 to fix; i worked a delivery job), i have spent 16 hard, long days, job hunting like freaking crazy, as well as getting a bus pass, so i won't be stuck in a rut. i wasn't going to let myself lose everything! i've been waking up super early each day, and dedicating every day job hunting and being productive! i even included some spring cleaning in there! today, i found out i got the job i wanted!!!! ...and it's far better than the job i had!!!! i am going to make $2 more an hour than minimum wage ($14/hr), full time, benefits, a set mon-fri schedule, learning a new trade that will open me up to so many possibilities! i am soooo haaaappy! in the first time of my life, i have stability! i have always worked those frustrating, soul-draining, unstable rotating schedules. (my last job was annoying split shifts, too!) often times, my hours were cut, more and more each week....and now, i get to work a steady 40 hour a week job, same hours, same days, no cut hours, no more wondering if i will be able to pay my rent on time. i'm so happy! an actual career starter for me! and all this wonderfulness happened, because of a terrible incident that i thought was going to ruin my life. when one door opens, another one opens. keep your chin up!!!! i currently have $87.87 to my name. soon, the days are going to be better!!! (and yes, my bank statement is really at that beautifully repetitious number! the universe is smiling down gently, and my future is looking bright!)	3
anyone have minecraft pe? i wanna play minecraft with someone but u/nemu64 doesn't have it	16
it's 23pm and i'm at a dinner with a lot of adult.. all the people with my age left and i'm with adults and i already talked a lot but now i'm not doing nothing, so do you want to ask something or talk about anything? feel free to text what you want	8
what if we go dancing today? on the dead memes of the unoriginal?	5
bored and lonely, dm me maybe? as title says, i'm feeling kinda bored and lonely rn ~~also a little horny (bonk)~~. if you wanna talk dm me, we can talk about whatever or do the number game or whatever you want, i just need to have human contact save me from the boredom pls	2
any single children here? i'm the only child for my parents. i always feel lonely, but friends and reddit always keep me occupied. being a single child has its own perks. you can get whatever you want any single child's here? how do you overcome loneliness?	1
i just had a really awkward moment with an extremely cute girl who lives in the same building as me, and now i keep replaying it in my head. pretty much title. i was in the foyer of my apartment building checking the mailbox when she walked in from the outside, and i had actually just seen her walking on the sidewalk a moment before and might have given her an awkward smile. this has been a long weekend so i'm not exactly on top of my social game. so i was kinda in her way even though i was almost done checking my mail. so i closed my mailbox and went for the inner door to get to the elevator, trying to hold the door open for her. but it opened toward the inside, and it was a heavy door, so it just opened a few inches and she had to push most of it open herself. then we were in the elevator together, and she lives on the sixth (top) floor and i'm on the third. so i kinda felt like a dick making the elevator stop halfway when i could have just walked. gave her a quick "have a good night" on the way out and that was that. it was awkward and she was extremely cute, my type for sure. beating myself up for it, because i definitely could have done better and struck up a more decent conversation but it's whatever.	1
do i wanna die? i don't know. maybe.. then again maybe not... but i might?.... sad days man..... 2020 won..... it broke me...... i might lose the one i love more than anything....... he said a little while ago he was scared to talk to me........ i miss him.........	2
if ur name is aidan i wanna lick ur nipples they're prob puffy and pink bro	5
i'm sick, talk to me reddit. i'm sick, went swimming friday night and now i have a chest infection. i had lunch plans with a friend today but she doesn't want to catch it so she's cancelled (tottaly understandable), but i'm really bummed as i was looking forward to y'know human interaction, food, all those good things. i'm bored and slightly infectious, feel free to say hi or something	8
i hate that my bladder is right above my gspot because when i need to piss i just get turned on	2
feeling anhedonic. well here i am. ranting and talking about same things i wrote here again. but tbh i prefer writing here my feelings than overthinking. yes i'm missing her rn. i miss her smile and i miss the way she used to look at me. i miss those talks and i miss her company. she is working as a doctor plus she is infj and has bpd. so putting herself to work is how she keep her thoughts from occurring. frankly speaking i have no problem with this. the reason i'm feeling lonely is because she is with someone else. her face and her name is the first thing came into my mind after i wake up and before i sleep. during the day all in my mind is either doing work and her name the rest of time. it feels so good whenever she uploads a pic on social media or when some other person upload a pic of her telling that they are glad that she is a part of their life. i can't agree any less. she is the best thing ever happened to me. my face and emotions lit up whenever i receive a call from her. even my family started to notice this. but he fact that she is not with me, that she has a boyfriend feels like she is not a part of my life. coz frankly speaking, i wanted to marry her. and still do. they say people with bpd are hard to love. but i never loved anyone else this much. but she is not mine. and this emptiness is something i feel all the time and tbh idk how to express it well. i always sucked at explaining things anyway. so i just write with my feels. maybe my anxiety problems is kicking back again. ik many people will say things like "move on" "you will find someone better". "don't dwell on the past" and tbh i'm trying. trying my hard to kill my feelings for her. but it's not easy to stop loving someone just like that. as i said before, i miss her. there are times when i start to question my feels for her. and thought comes in my mind like "maybe this is a part of moving on". then things happen, and i'm back to point one. i also would like to tell you something. i saw a dream one time, that i'm on a vacation with her. me and she laying on a bed after a long day and i looked at her. watching her face and realising that i'm with the most beautiful person in the world. i lean forward to initiate a kiss and she kiss me back too. and after that alarm clock start to ring up. whenever i close my eyes, i still remember that feel, that sensation on my lips. that she is still with me. i still remember what she was wearing, i still remember how she looked at me. i still remember the feeling i felt in my gut and my heart when i kissed her. and tbh this feeling is the only thing which fills my emptiness. a thought that she is still with me.	2
i miss him so much and it hasn't even been two hours yet since we last talked!!! help	4
struggles of being a kinda skinny guy sometimes girls assume i have a huge pp because i'm skinny and tall. when in fact i have the worlds smallest pp. ladies please don't assume things	2
i hate snapchat memories ;( wave of sadness, 2 years ago my then bf took me out on a date and we shared a dessert and stupid fckin snapchat just had to remind me	2
book suggestions for grieving i lost of boyfriend about a month and a half ago to suicide. i'm looking for books to help me process this or any suggestions to help this unbearable process. anything helps. thanks in advance	3
goodnight guys i have in person school tomorrow im scared	5
about to get that 1:03 am string cheese fuck those who jump right into the cheese	0
just a memorial post right here let's just have a minute of silence for those brave 2,977 souls that passed on september, 11th, 2001. you will not be forgotten	3
girlfriend (32f) reacts to any scuffle or uncomfortable situation with anger and rage. i (33f) need help navigating or detonating her. my girlfriend of 7-8 months gets extremely angry when upset. for instance, yesterday we went to a nude beach and laid out and talked for several hours. it was nice and as we packed up to head home, we realized how much sun we got that day. i'm white with fair skin. she is mexican. i got pretty sunburnt. we get home; she is a saint and rubs aloe vera on me. she did a few sexual things while putting aloe on me, like softly bite my butt or otherwise letting me know she likes my body/putting aloe on me. anyway, i respond to her little flirtatious moves with a smile and a reminder that i'm really sunburnt but, yes, enjoyed what she was doing. there came a point after she finished that she was sitting on the floor, in front of the couch, and asked me to put aloe on her boob. i said something like not right now and she got livid. she rushed to get up, yelling at me, and went into the bedroom. she was yelling that she left someone for me and she wishes she was with the other woman because that woman at least *wanted* her. any attempt to hug her while she was yelling in the bedroom was met with her moving away from me and yelling for me to leave her alone. i'm confused because we had been fine and flirtatious all damn day! i went to the living room, where i could still hear her yelling about how i don't want her but other people do, how she doesn't want to be with me, how miserable she is, etc and i finally said then go be with her. it sucks she resorts to such hateful words and nasty energy. it seems the way she's handling anything she doesn't like is by immediately flying off the handle and being incredibly destructive. she's conditioning me to feel intimidated by her reactions so i aim to do what she wants/when she wants. otherwise i get this sort of treatment. i wish we could just talk without her accusing me of not wanting her, or her wanting to be with someone else. idk i'm just tired of this. we've tried couples counseling. we each see a therapist on our own. she's been 3 times and i've been around 15 times (so new for both of us) how can we get to a point of respect and maturity to calmly talk about things instead of reacting like a petulant jerk? tl;dr : girlfriend initially reacts with anger and threats of breaking up or being with someone else. idk what to do.	2
i [22/m] don't think i can be with my girlfriend [23] anymore even though i still love her we've been dating for 5 months and she's my second serious girlfriend. she's great and loves me a lot and i love her, but the way she treats me sometimes is just getting too much to deal with. she didn't get much sleep this week and was tired but ended up taking it out on me. she accused me of having someone else in bed with me just because i slept in and didn't answer her, she basically sent me one word texts all day, and when she came over she barely talked to me and didn't seem to even want to be here. we've been texting about it today and she's saying i deserve better and she's sorry and doesn't know why she does this. we've talked about it before how she gets in these moods and just kind of shuts down and treats me awful for no reason. she always says she'll be better but then this happens again. i love her but i don't think i can do this anymore. it's taking such a toll on my mental health and i really wanted a future with her but i can't deal with her shutting me out like this and at times being mean to me for no reason it's so hard because i love her but i also love myself. tl;dr: girlfriend gets in bad moods and treats me like i don't exist, i love her but i don't think i can do this anymore	2
i just committed cyber warfare so while my parents were gone this weekend some renters at out our mini rv park in front of our house claim they saw someone walking around at 2:00 am which what she described sounds like something me and my friends who i snuck over were doing but not quite, idk. i think she's smoking something. but here's the thing, i forgot my dad had a trail cam on the driveway. and so to hide my post curfew excursions and such when he took the trail cam off to grab the sd card i was hella slick and popped one of the pins out right behind his back of it rendering it useless. so yeah i'm basically hackerman	0
14 looks better than 13 change my mind	0
lol i posted a face reveal but now it's in hidden if u have it don't expose me tho pls	0
yesterday , a girl said "i am a capricorn" i replied " okay , i'm a popcorn " haha that was the joke guys hahahaha	5
i think my life is a sitcom! like literally, sometimes i just start talking to myself. like i imagine there are some people in my room and i just act out there roles and stuffs! i do have a main cast though! does anyone else do these crazy stuffs?	1
1st world country's education standards. so i was just playing some r6 with these two american kids both of which are in middle school. anyway after one of them getting revived he said merci and i the other kid says, "does that mean thank you in british?" he was dead serious . i said first of all that's french second of all british isn't a language third of all we speak english and fourth and finally we invented your language. i've never been so annoyed yet amused. he proceeded to say "well we don't learn that". it's kinda common knowledge bud.	7
my [32f] sister-in-law [40f] sent me a passive aggressive text about fathers day and i don't know how to respond. i'm thinking of saying: "my dad has never once personally called or emailed me to say happy birthday, merry christmas, etc. in my life. i have always done that for him, including sending cards and gifts from australia. my parents have been ignoring me since i spoke up when they hurt my feelings a few weeks ago. there's nothing more i can do on my end. i'm hoping they are able to engage with me to have a conversation about what happened. until then, i'm tired of putting the effort in to only be hurt or ignored in return. i'm going through as much as i can handle right now with the legal battle and restructuring at work. i appreciate your kind intentions, but this is an issue between my parents and i. it should not be the concern of anyone else. thanks for respecting my boundary here " tl;dr: sister-in-law sent a passive aggressive text about father's day. i don't think it was right for her to hint anything about my relationship with my dad since he and i have an issue right now. would really appreciate advice. thank you.	3
finally, things are getting good! just got accepted to medical school, ya'll. feels good some backstory: i've been depressed, suicidal, a drug addict, fucked up and tuned out, but after about $8k in associated costs, a brief stint of homelessness, and my second time applying, i've finally made it. halleloo, everyone. i'm finally getting my grubby paws in my dream. wish me luck, guys! and if you've got good news, share it too!	18
can we get an f in chat just found out my girlfriend of a year has been cheating on me	14
the logical decision vs id want struggle? i will just say i've already made this decision, but i was wondering if anyone else has the struggle of choosing the logical choice/answer/decision, over their primal id wants chance/answer/decision. this morning i faced the 'should i wear my cute-make-butt-look-nice-shorts even though it's cold-ish weather? or just accept that it's pants day?' decision. i realise logically, that's it's possibly too cool out to wear my shorts, but they're cute and need to be worn one more time before i can throw them in the wash with good conscience. i realised as i was considering my options that maybe i put too much thought into it	1
i had to go to the doctor today i got like 4 shots and my arms hurt but at least i got vaccinated against meningitis	0
i know my dream now. i want to be in the front row at a girl in red concert and especially when she sings "dead girl in the pool". its like having a crush on a moments that didnt happen and probably wont. i live in finland and she is going to sweden this summer but i cant go i dont want to ask my parents beacuse i have this weird fear to expose my music taste (phobia i guess lol). i reeaallly look uo to her, she is lgbt, can sing and make music and her stage presence is amazing. i feel like i want to marry her but like being there at her feet while she sings and me singing along is my dream.	1
[update] my[17] mom [40's] is having an emotional affair with my uncle [mid 30's] <url> well looking back on my other post, i realized i was on some other stuff. things on i didn't tell because i was too scared to tell internet strangers: - my mom's low-key emotionally abusive. the reason i was so vicious to find out about my dad cheating was because my mom was on a emotional rollercoaster. we'd hear them yell at each other and get us involved into their fights. like packing all his bags and clothes and putting inside his car, then when they'd make up we'd have to put everything up. - honestly i do have a weird relationship with my mom. ever since i was a baby i was joint to her hip. when she's sad, i'd do anything to make sure she's okay. all i wanted to do is take care of her for the rest of my life. regularly i wake up in the 12pm- 4am to make anything if she calls. *not lately. we're not even best friends, it's just something we say. - i love my dad, but 2 years ago i was angry and jealous. he ignored us and i knew he'd leave our family if he had the chance. - i was made aware of my family's secrets since 2016. my family have a bad habit of surprise attack secrets. it's like when i gas somebody up, someone is like "bam" they not all that. ugh, i feel sick and i hate hearing this stuff. when we where talking about my uncle, my dad is like "oh, and he had orgies with church members." and i'm sure everyone who was christians knows about testimonies and what not. my whole family is a bunch of cheaters. not just the christians. freak, my grandfather and his brother were murderers. my dad said our (extended) family makes jerry springer show look like the freaking brady bunch. - i'm homeschooled. me alone. i have migraine disorder and anxiety disorder. when i was in school i would dread going to school and break out with hives and a fevers. i don't have any friends, i don't have any adults to talk to. i'm lonely and i have to rely on myself and my siblings. i wish i can go, but at the same i don't. i'm not good with people and all i feel comfortable is in my bed. - i was in freaking denial about her. people were right this is her. - i'm a christian myself and my faith is mine alone. - i don't have car license, because everyone is gone most of the time or or in pain and nobody wants to teach me. - i don't have a job, because i live in the most racist part of the u.s. and so tired of being demeaned and being called the n word by some country folks. so yeah, i tried not involve myself. i didn't say a thing about it to her. i didn't look through her stuff. but dang, is she so obvious. calling him up at night, going home late, saying her perfect guy is the description of him, getting gifts that only he likes. i don't have a phone ( not because we're poor. we built a house that cost 400k and dad gets 100k+ a year, but still don't have enough food lol.) so sometimes i use her. my dad was asking questions and little sister told him stuff. i kept questioning myself because of the comments telling me to say something and i craved. let me just say that was a shitshow. he compared his affair to her and she cried, then called my uncle. he told me to go into the car, because i'm the most calm out of the siblings. then he forced me to listening to his conversations. literally force me to listen grabbing me and locking the door. it was one of the most intense thing i've ever been through. i told him i didn't want hear it. later weeks. i didn't say a thing to my mom about the situation, but she's been annoying as ever. she stopped being a mom and guilting us with everything. so we ignored things, like it's her life. but heck, did my aunty make me feel guilty. like her confessing she just want happiness, struggling with money, and my uncle low-key embarrassing her in front of us. heck. fast forward today. my mom forced us to do stupid stuff and get food that's for the homeless ( dad's industry struggling and low on money right now) and she bought a freaking hotel room. she was guilty af. heck, i was so numb, i told my dad she might be cheating on him and how we were feeling at home. he was blindsided, so he looked through her text. found everything, found out it was a reservation for two. crap. my little sister wanted to go with him to the hotel, because she been getting the blunt of everything from my mom. i didn't want to go because i couldn't handle being the snitch and having a bad opinion on my mom. she begged me to go with her, so i did and my brother. we only have each other. i just wanted to hide in the trunk, literally shaking. she didn't come out the room and called my dad and so did my uncle. my mom wanted to confront my little sister on why she told him. my brother cried and tried to jump out the moving car. dad apologized for bring us into it. i need therapy and my dad planning to get us some family counseling. well thanks for the advice. i'm sorry if this reads wrong, i'm so overwhelmed. tldr : my family is messed up.	8
it would be awesome to get some 113 or 114 year olds on this subreddit. does anyone know of anyone this old that maybe would be interested? probably not but the dates would be june 16th 1899 - june 15th 1906. it would be so cool to have them tho.	1
depresso thread-o four days today was a good day ig u/gravesez u/rickyontheradiator sleep well homies u/i-am-a-salty-bitch non-furry owo pls sort by new, have a great night	3
daily reminder tony stark is dead and spiderman doesnt have a role model anymore	8
i'm thinking of deleting reddit, running away from it and never coming back i feel like it's ruining my mental health, so like i just want to get rid of it. should i?	19
am i (20f) leading this guy (20m) on? for a little bit of background, i'm an assistant manager at [redacted] and this guy is one of my employees. he's a pretty quiet and socially awkward dude, but he's a nice person and we have similar music taste so we've spent a decent (not anymore than i talk to any other coworker though) amount of time talking about different bands and whatever. i'm a friendly person and i love talking about the stuff i'm into so i was always pretty enthusiastic when we would talk, but again, not any more than i was when i would talk to anyone else at work. the other night he came up to me and said he needed to ask me something, said that he was "just going to be up front about this" and that he really enjoyed talking to me ("y'know, you aren't a chore to talk to like some other people" he added) and that he wanted to know if he could get some sorta contact info to keep in touch with me outside of work. it was just vague enough that i would have felt weird being like "oh sorry i'm just not into you!" and potentially coming off as some egotistical bitch thinkin' every guy that talks to her is trying to marry her, so i gave him my number. i feel like he really meant to ask me out but decided against it either out of fear of rejection or because he realized that he can't just ask his boss at work and now i am super anxious that he is going to try at some point because i gave him my number. doesn't help that i am quitting this week which another different coworker has already taken as an opportunity to try and (awkwardly and inappropriately) ask me out agh....i try to avoid becoming even kinda friends with men because i hate having any kind of tension like this, i feel like they constantly mistake me being friendly and charismatic as me being into them and it drives me crazy. i'm not even straight smh. anyways...should i have said no when he asked for my number? should i just be avoidant and weird when he texts me and hope he takes the hint? should i just act normal and wait for the inevitable? tl;dr , this guy i'm friendly with at work asked me for my number, i said yes but i think he's into me and i am not into him.	4
proud of my son i just wanted to share how proud i am of my son! he is 2 and was lagging behind with his speech and socially. we took him to the early intervention services in our county for an assessment and they confirmed both vocal and social delays. his comprehension scores matched his age. in the two months since his vocabulary has exploded and just today when i was picking him up from daycare he was playing with two other little boys and didn't want to leave. he just started speech therapy as well so i'm optimistic that he'll get up to speed in no time! thanks for reading. i'm the only one of my friends with a child so i just wanted to share with my reddit friends.	8
ask me questions, i'll reply after work f16 ik im not gonna sleep after work	0
are any of y'all tired of being ugly like shit is different when ugly ugly	2
the worst kind of rejection i'm a 21 year old male. the relationship hadn't ended before it even began. well, there was a girl i kinda crushed on for a few months. we had 1 class together last semester, and this semester we have 3. we talked every now and then, but never really had too many serious conversations. i recently started working towards overcoming my 4 year long depression, and finally began using social media again. she has about 500 followers, so i thought worse case scenario she just doesn't follow me back since she'd probably like more followers. well, lo and behold, she doesn't even let me follow her. i probably should've picked up on the signs, since she always acts weird around me, i.e. she is usually really talkative around guys. tl;dr i just fail-fished to the nth degree. back to depression i go! what do the people of reddit think about my next step/how to comprehend my fail-fish?	4
last night i watched the emoji movie on netflix thinking the "narration" (a.k.a. the voice over for visually impaired people) was part of the movie, and because of that i didn't hate it the movie started playing in my native language (dutch), but i wanted to watch it in english, so i quickly selected english without really paying attention to *which* english setting i selected. turns out netflix doesn't only provide subtitles for the hearing impaired, but also voice overs for the visually impaired. i had no idea... the "narrator" just sounded so bored and sarcastic and unenthusiastic (but it blended in so well that i automatically assumed 'this is how it's supposed to be' without giving it further thought), that it really did make me think the movie was kind of mocking itself. i liked how the movie was self aware of how lame it was, 'damn this is some meta shit' i thought to myself. it was only right after the movie finished that i was like 'hmmm ', so i decided to youtube some random scenes of the movie. yup, no narration. fuck i'm an idiot. yes i did smoke weed. yes i did facepalm. yes i did laugh my ass off when i found out. really enjoyed the experience. 10/10 would recommend.	10
just caught a chocolate bar i dropped between my thicc thighs you ladies may as well ask for my hand in marriage right now	11
i have a crush on someone and can't tell them as title suggests. i've not been feeling great these past few days so i wanted to let off a little steam here and let the internet world know i'm not having a great time anyways is anyone else going through the same thing?	1
heyo, i 'm a bored boi you could dm me maybe jkjk unless? kinda been bored and lonely recently sooo dm me if you're down to talk, who knows maybe we'll end up being friends lol	5
b) has a much stronger energy than	0
cake day cake! feat. jealous dogs i just so happened to get an angel food cake yesterday because i was craving it and today is my cake day! what are the odds! anyway, here's a picture of cute dogs and my messy room! <url>	1
how many missing assignments you guys got i have 15 i think it might be higher	2
how did you ask ur bf/gf/partner to date you? i met my bf bc he lives next to me. and i kinda simp for him a lot. and 3 weeks later we started to date. it's about to be out 5th month wooo. love you asher	3
making a mainly indie and alternative spotify playlist! check it out! [check it out and give it a follow!](<url>) my music tastes vary extremely but mainly hang in the indie and alternative range. i have a lot of cage the elephant, lorde, saint motel, alt-j, and such, check it out!	3
i like my men how i like my coffee i should stop paying for coffee	5
hi teens, i'm horny i just want someone to play with my boobs/butt that's all. am i asking too much	13
friday, late late conversation... let's bring on the weekend mood on! how's your week? weekend plans? talk anything... let's forget about everything for a while and indulge in a good conversation. this conversation will be until the last one among us sleeps. so, wherever you are, whether it's friday night or evening or morning.. come-on let's talk	6
big accomplishment for me... this will probably sound silly to most people, but i'm really proud of myself. i got my first car about a month ago, and i drove home last night and to work this morning **by myself**. it's significant for me because i'm 30 years old, and have had extreme anxiety about driving for my entire life. all of my friends got their learner's as soon as they possibly could (at 17); some even went to get it on their 17th birthdays! most people here drive as soon as they can because our public transportation sucks. i put off getting my learner's permit until i was 24! i had a professional driving instructor, but still couldn't seem to get over my anxiety. for some reason, once i got into the driver's seat, i was convinced i was going to kill everyone on the road (and myself) and could never seem to calm down enough to be a safe driver. i passed my written test with flying colours, but failed my road test twice. was a crying mess after each time and swore i wouldn't try again. after lots of coaching and encouragement from my instructor, i finally passed on my third try (just barely). the first time i drove alone was not by choice - i had to get something from the store and there was no one to come with me. by very unlucky chance, the car park was packed. i spent about half an hour looking for a space and when i finally did, i scraped the side of the car trying to fit into it. i did my shopping in tears and when i got home, got reamed out by my mother. i didn't drive again for 6 years. i started therapy this year (for an unrelated reason) and one of the things that came up was the feeling that i wasn't in control of my life. i always had to depend on others to help me to do things that i should be able to do on my own, and as a result, i just didn't do things that required going anywhere alone. a lot of this was related to the fact that it was difficult for me to get around. i made up my mind that i would fix this problem in my life. i started searching for a small, used car that i'd be able to drive easily. after a couple of months i found a suitable one and purchased it. i still had the number for my old driving instructor and he agreed to give me lessons for 2 weeks. the first lesson started off terrifying but i got into the groove of it quickly enough. after those 2 weeks were up, i started driving around with my roommate. my confidence started to build and i was finally able to relax a little. yesterday was the first time i drove alone in 6 years. it was a long, tough drive during rush hour traffic and i felt both scared and exhilarated. i breathed a sigh of relief when i arrived at home safely. this morning i left home early to avoid traffic and the drive to work was such smooth sailing that i even had time to sit in my car and finish my breakfast!! i do realise i wrote an entire essay congratulating myself for something that most people do every day without even thinking about it, but it's a significant step for me, so thanks for reading.	6
my crush is openly flirting with her gf in our group chat i'm really happy for them but at the same time i want to fight them	12
i'm looking at all these face reveals knowing i'll never do one lol i'm jealous	4
bruh i just realized i was an accident so my parents have said that i wasn't really an accident since they were planning on having a 3rd kid (i'm the youngest of 3). i didn't really care because whatever, why would i. i also realized a while ago that my birthday's 9 months after valentine's day, and obviously i realized what that meant. but it took until today for my dumb ass to realize that yes, i was an accident because of that. can we get an f in the chat bois	2
it's my birthday today and i have to do something i hate. i have to spend the day in the library because i have a major exam next monday. (am actually in the library right now) you might tell me to take a day off but i just can't, will probably leave earlier during the night. plus i'd feel guilty not studying. it's funny how i gotten used to always having big exams prior to my day so it always feels kinda meh. how i wish my birthday is in the month of december. christmassssss!	1
guys guess what im a female redditor. let the orange houses roll in bois	8
getting arrested after trying to be a good friend. on mobile so apologies for formatting, throw away account because this happened thursday and a couple who know me and my story also use reddit, an old friend of 20~ years messages, after about half a year with barely any contact. friend apologises for it being out of the blue, asks if we could get drinks. - type of friend where no matter the time in between conversations, it feels like no time has passed between meets. - ask if everything is okay, find out friends partner of 4~ year has been cheating. it is now my responsibility to get said friend understandably drunk. explains story in person, drink doubles all night while discussing/catching up. end of the night comes (or so i thought,) flag taxi, drop friend off first - literally 3 minute drive from my house. somehow in this 3 minute journey, i managed to get out of the taxi 1.5~ minutes away from my house, lose my passport and proceed to be locked up (and taken to cells 15 minutes away) for drunk and disorderly (according to officers for my own good, i wasn't a harm to anybody) and receive a nice ps90 fine! but hey, my friend had a weight lifted off of their shoulders for a few hours . tldr; tried to be a good friend to a friend going through a breakup, drunk too much, lost passport, got arrested and received a ps90 fine.	9
i told all my friends i was gay so i could join in on the "girl talk" going good. no regrets, yet. epic	0
getting my son vaccinated i'm writing this while driving home from the hospital. this all started when i dropped my son off at kindergarten this morning, he was complaining of a sore throats and had a loud cough. he was extremely reluctant to go, but i forced him because he's just a child what does he know . anyway getting back to the story, at work i got a call saying he had a high fever and was drifting in and out of consciousness, i wasn't worried as this happened many times when he was a baby. my son isn't vaccinated, i'm a real doctor (chiropractor) and have seen the effects of vaccines on children. the teacher informed me that he had been taken to the hospital. this was bad news as he was in the hands of the organ harvesters. i raced from work to the hospital, when i arrived he was in stable condition but was sleeping. i talked to one of the doctors bribed by big pharma about the treatment they had done to him. the doctor explained how my son had whooping cough and had all his vaccinations done. i was furious, they had given my son autism. i cussed the doctor out and ripped my son out of his room and drove off. i'm hoping he doesn't turn out like our other child, that died from his vaccines. but i'm getting back at the doctors. i'm forcing my son to go to school tomorrow to test the 'herd immunity' of the vaccinated kids. tl;dr i got my son vaccinated.	1
i am not sure what to do. i have been sleeping a lot more than usual. i went from the regular eight hours - to sleeping for about twenty. this has happened over the last few months. i will sleep for twenty - wake up for four - than go back to bed. my room is in the basement. i dread going upstairs. my family is upstairs. all they do is complain, to to drag me down, and force me to rely on them. i cannot have a conversation without my mom complaining. she cannot go two minutes without swearing. she cannot go six minutes without complaint about something. it's not even about us anymore. my sister is starting to pick up these habits. it's hard for me to do anything. they always want to do everything for me - and then punish me when i don't. i had to beg to do my own laundry. what kid wants to do laundry? i know how to cook, but whenever i make anything, i get in sh##. what's a fella to do? i want to get a job. i can't for two reasons. i don't have my drivers. i'm ready for it - i have my learners, just the car i want to take, the windshield is broken, and we do not have the money to repair it. my dad hasn't worked in months. they are blowing through savings. he doesn't want me to work as it makes him look bad - but he has not had any interest to get a job. i cannot get anything/or do anything. i would work for my money, but cannot. i haven't had an interest in relationships. i used to. now i could give less of a ####. my friends are always talking about girls. i just couldn't care less. i don't have an interest to date. i liked this one girl for years, and i did everything to "impress" her, but alas, i'm still too much of a pussy to do anything. i started eating better, i started working out, i stopped gaming, but i still don't feel good enough. to be honest i think i am bi, but cannot do anything with that as my parents would shoot me. i don't have that good of a relationship with my friends. i'm really good friends with this one person - we all used to be friends - but now - people only hang around me/talk to me if he is around. one of my good friends, i'm actually better friends with his younger brother now (one year difference) i don't know. what's a fella to do? i might go back to bed. i started playing games again. i wake up, i eat dinner, i have a shower, play games a bit on ps4 with friends (the same people) then go back to bed after brushing my teeth i take excellent care of my teeth btw what should i do? i'm bored	7
attempting to help a naked prostitute on acid... made the 911 call just before 2am est so this has actually just happened. was just woken up by my dog alerting to something, before i could even open my eyes i hear screaming coming from upstairs. our upstairs neighbour is male, single (girlfriend moved out recently, so i'm assuming) and usually quiet as hell. so i hear a female voice, repeatably screaming help me, he's trying to kill me, help me...followed by a lot of banging and crashing. i wake my boyfriend up, and immediately he's flys out of bed and starts getting dressed (it was that loud and intense he knew instantly). i call 911 as he's heading out the door and upstairs (should be noted that we don't share access to our apartment and both have front doors that lead directly outside). so i go through the conversation with the operator and go outside to make sure i see if anyone leaves. at this point i realize they are all outside (boyfriend, upstairs neighbour and female) she's still screaming so i shout for her to come towards me and away from the guys. next minute i see her coming down the stairs and she's ass fucking naked (at no point has she stopped screaming) i grab her and head for my apartment (as it's 25f degrees out) when my boyfriend screams out "she's on drugs don't take her inside", i yell back "well bring her some clothes or something then!!!". this is when things start to go downhill...and she starts screaming that i am going to kill her and i quote "chop her up into tiny pieces because i'm a prostitute". i'm attempting to reassure her when her phone is produced and upstairs neighbour says "i think it's her mom". i grab the phone and the lady tells me she's her mum and that she's having a bad trip and to put her in the shower...and then wham! she cracks me right in the face! i drop the phone and grab her arms so she can't do it again. the mother, who is screaming "id beat her ass if i were you" (taking to me) is clearly not helping so i yell to someone to hang up the phone. this girl breaks free from me grabs her phone and starts calling 911...operator answers and she says nothing, it's the same guy i had before so when i grab the phone he tells me to go inside, i tell him she's going to run into the woods and he says so let her (lol). at this point she cracks me in the face again, so i'm shouting at 911 "yeah any time the cops could arrive would really help right now" while i'm saying this she grabs my arm and tries to bite me, now my boyfriend steps in and makes her sit down and holds her there. (he was talking to our landlord and his wife as they had now also come outside) now the cops arrive (who doesn't love seeing their ex husband at 2am 3 days before christmas...am i right?!?! but that's a whole other story)...she runs to him (thank god) he grabs her and puts her in the back of his car without asking us anything, so naturally she starts flipping. she was attempting and successfully climbing through his divider and smashing his computer (lol i had to laugh) so he rips her out and hand cuffs her before putting her back in. i go inside as it's freezing and they will come talk to me right? i'm watching from the window now. ambulance comes, they strap her to the gurney and cart her away. then all the cops leave. no questions....so whatever i'm going to bed. guess they assumed i didn't want to press charges now i'm laying in bed, icing my face. sent boyfriend to check is upstairs guy was okay...he returned with 2 cans of dog food and some human (as in not dog food) jerky...guess upstairs guy was thankful someone came to the rescue...even if it was initially confusing who actually needed said rescue. acid is one hell of a drug kids. tl;dr: though girl was being attacked, instead i was. edit: paragraphed edit 2: clarification 1: yes first arriving cop was my ex. i'm just that unlucky that he happened to take the call...or am i? 2: sounds like he didn't question anyone/take statements and told upstairs neighbour to go back inside and all the cops left. 3: upstairs neighbour told us it was acid when i first got involved. he also told the police and my landlord the same thing. that's all i know, i do agree it's not a typical reaction, acid is usually a goooooood time.	11
i guess she not feeling me not feeling this energy...	2
a goofy relationship story about soap so this is kind of dumb and cheesy but i don't have many friends i really wanted to tell someone. my partner and i have been together for over a year now and one day we were looking at my snapchat and i was watching one of those oddly satisfying stories and there was soap cutting. i, personally, am not a huge fan of soap cutting, but he saw one where they cut the soap and instead of tipping it over so all the little shavings fell, they scraped them off with the blade they used. he found tingle heaven. so now everyday i watch those stories (i'm now subscribed to three or four) to try to find the rare ones where they scrape the shavings off just to send them to him so he doesn't have to sit through the ones he doesn't like. i know it's cheesy and goofy but i just wanted to tell someone. thanks for reading	8
trying to be fancy happening right now!! so to start out, me and my bestie decided to replicate a buzzfeed recipe for stuffed chicken parmesan with spinach. we cooked the sauce and washed the spinach and went to slice the cheese to stuff in the chicken. instead of cubing it i decided that i would grate the cheese to put in the chicken to make it a bit fancier. i grabbed the cheese grater and got the block of mozzarella but it was fairly small. i figured it would still be okay to grate and i was wrong. very wrong. started grating the cheese and when i almost done my thumb slipped and i grated the top of my thumb right off. i didn't think that it was too deep but it's been almost a half hour now and it won't stop bleeding so my bestie and i are headed to the urgent care to get medical attention. tl;dr - tried to be fancy and grate cheese but ended up grating my thumb instead tifuedit: if anyone is curious, got four stitches in the thumb and they had me get a tetanus shot just in case. huzzah.	12
i'm a bisexual feminist transgender woman. ama greetings mensrights redditors! my name is becca. i am a bisexual, feminist, vegan, anarchist, polyamorous transgender woman. ask me anything!	19
daily you cute thread you cute	3
genders and sexual deviations this should be a reddit question...i'll forward it. someone asked me how many genders there are? i've lost count. seems like there are more everyday. but in the last section that i added i believe these to be psycho-sexual devations as opposed to genders. anyone care to jump in?? heterosexual homosexual bisexual asexual pansexual demi-sexual (no sexual attraction unless there is an emotional attachment) transexual there are a few others i can't remember. there's also being born as a hermaphrodite, both genders. now being called intersexual. often the parents will be encouraged to chose the gender at birth and corrective surgery is performed. sometimes the child will feel like he/she is being raised as the wrong gender. so that's #8 then you have males and females born with duplicate genitals. #9 also born genderless (extremely rare) #10 ___________________________________________________ beastiality (those that prefer animals) prefer inanimate objects (cars for example) pedophilia (children ) necrophilia (sex with the dead) but are these considered genders or psychological sexual deviations?? i believe them to be psycho-sexual devations from the norm and not gender related but since they are considered sexual behaviors i went ahead and included them in the discussion.	14
i (21 f) need help breaking up with him (21 m) i've been in a relationship with this guy for 6 months and it's not going anywhere. we never talk about anything deep or personal, or when we do, he sees it as a chance to debate my own experiences or play "devil's advocate". while i've made an effort to get to know him really well and understand his interests, he's never really reciprocated that. whenever i talk about my mental health or things i'm going through, he either laughs or condescends. most damning of all, though, is that i've just never felt any spark with him. never any passion or fun. here's the problem. he says he loves me, and i've said that i love him (though truth be told, since he's never really gotten to know me, i get the feeling that he's more in love with the way i make him feel) and i've been trying so so hard to make myself feel love for him. i want to love him because he's nice to me sometimes, but i'm realizing that i just can't do that. so i don't know how to break up with him without really hurting him, or without all of this seemingly coming out of nowhere. how can i bring these things up naturally when it's nothing that i've told him before in the whole time we've been dating? i had a full-on panic attack about this last night because i was supposed to go see him, so i ended up staying home instead. i was planning on talking to him about this today. i'm terrible with confrontation (something he's also belittled me for ), and i just need a little encouragement or advice on how to do this right.	4
time to get depressed because it's nighttime and everyone i know has gone to bed	0
stop scrolling this is a homie checkpoint you aight bro?? how's ur week so far?	16
idk if this is silly or what but.... i have some gay friends who got engaged on christmas day. their parents are not supportive but the couple have plenty of friends to step in. i just want all you gay peeps to know if you need/want someone to stand in as a parent or sibling or just a hand to hold, i'm here for you. my heart absolutely breaks for gay kids (anyone really) who don't have a support network that includes their family. love is love. i live in florida but will travel and put my face on to celebrate your special occasions with you. and ya never know, i might meet the (straight) man of my dreams at your wedding! so anyway - that's all. someone out here loves you and supports you every step of the way	3
im going on a sleep strike because my mom told me to go to sleep	0
oh my god!!! a girl said hi to me. later virgins	0
a girl asked me if i wanted to look at avatar the last air bender memes at her house tomorrow so later virgins....	0
i don't have any close female friends hi everyone. i'm 23f and in my first real job after graduating university (uk). i'm in a long term relationship and live with my boyfriend. the place i work has lots of young people in my department. we go out for drinks and days out occasionally, which is great and we all get on well. but there is no one i can go to for advice, or confide in, or share anything personal with. i don't think i would even meet up for coffee with any of them on their own - it isn't like that, we're like one big group but no one is really that close. i don't have much in common with them either. the uni i went to was pretty far from where i live now, and all my friends from there live at opposite ends of the country now (literally) so we meet up maybe twice a year. as for my friends from school, i lost touch with them years ago regrettably. i think we might be too different now to be friends again. this has never been a huge issue for me because i always have my boyfriend to fall back on. this is maybe part of the issue as in the past, it made me more inclined to stay home and chill out with him rather than go out with friends. now, i try to go to all the social things going on with my work friends, but i still don't seem to grow any closer. i just want a few close girlfriends, who i can talk to about anything and go out shopping, have spa days, and talk all night to like i used to when i was in my teens any advice on how to make better friends with my current work mates, re-unite with my old friends, or meet more like minded people? tldr: i don't have any close female friends and am feeling lonely - how do i make better friends?	2
it feels like my [16m] boyfriend has been ignoring me [16f] lately. asking for some advice. lately my boyfriend of three months has lately been giving me delayed replies. i don't care if he's playing video games or busy. however, now i'm seeing him active on instagram but he won't reply from around three minutes to an hour. it's hard when you feel like you're being obviously ignored. i'm not trying to be clingy but when he does this it makes me feel highly irritated and really sad. we don't get to see each other much because he lives two hours away, texting is our main source of communication. he expresses that he loves me and wants to be with me. he's also very loyal. so other than this, we've never had an issue before. i want talk to him about it but i don't even know what i would say. how could i bring this up to him without sounding crazy? td;lr- my boyfriend will be active on instagram but his text replies to me are delayed. it makes me feel bad but i don't know how to bring it up with him. we've never had issues before.	12
lately i've only been dating jewish guys (christian girl) in advance, sorry for my grossly rude stereotyping, however it truly comes from a place of appreciation and admiration. i went on this amazing date with this jewish guy. while things didnt pan out with him i feel like its affected my attraction some. first off i love the typical israeli face, the structure and the beautiful eyes, even the coarse hair. secondly, the shortness is adorable. not to be too stereotypical like they are all short because obviously that isnt true. most of all i love the humor. maybe because larry david has always been my favorite comedian, i love the dry humor. and i often joke in this way too. my date and i just had nonstop witty banter for so long and thats just so refreshing. and they have such thick skin, i love mild teasing as a joke and they can dish it like they take it. it may also be a jump to say how i like their problem solving process as well. in christianity our thoughts arent challenged enough. like "why is this the way it is?" "because god made it so" however a rabii may respond "why do you think it is that way?" just leading to more critical thinking at a younger age. also it was incredibly funny when i offered to split the bill with him for dinner and he suggested a 30/70% split . but i love the openness about money! ive never had a man take me up on splitting the bill, let alone coming up with a new number entirely. love my jewish homies!	1
do you ever just like breathe to flex on antivaxx kids cuz i do	0
i'm gay and i like younger guys. and i was thinking if i wanted to adopt when i'm 21+, imagine my boyfriend is an 18 year old twink which usually look younger than their age. and then the kid i adopt is 16 and looks older than my boyfriend lmaoo and i wouldn't adopt a little kid because i don't feel like i'm suitable to take care of a kid 100% of the day and raise him that initial part of their life. that situation is completely possible tho i've seen 14 year olds who are hairy and 6'3 ft tall and facial hair	4
damn life's tough. i want me some physical intimacy yeah idk i just wanted to make this post	2
apparently celebrating women's day is considered being a simp *w h e e z e*	1
my fellow breadren i'm spreading our loaf instead of enjoying the second last splatfest ever until splatoon 3 comes out time to get this bread	0
i hope everyone is having a good night except for the people who eat the other persons fries on the way home and keep the fullest one for themselves i hope ur having a terrible night	13
my boyfriend... is the best thing to have happened to me. our 1 year is coming up and i couldn't be more excited! i keep getting told i'm just a teenager and i'm too young to be in love, but i love this boy with all my heart. i don't care if it's dumb or reckless, i want to love him with everything i got :) i'm so happy	3
i can't wait to have a baby potentially misleading title, i'm nowhere near pregnant. but my fiance's sibling just had the 4th boy of the family today. we have 4 nephews amongst 3 of his siblings. we're the only one without children and i just know i'm going to be the one to give the family a little girl!! i cannot wait to finish my nursing degree and start a family. it's all i can think about and i just wanted to put it out there. thanks for reading	3
would you have liked a gaming clothing brand? hi, i was just wondering if people in the gaming community would like a gaming clothing brand? just wondering , since i didn't see any special when i searched it up. like vans for skating.	10
mf's really play mc java edition and 1.9+ and still use swords for pvp art	7
almost got a run over by a school bus today whilst eating pringles this is what i get for jay walking	0
y'all, i haven't thought about it in like 4 years... but today i lost. i lost the game. i am actually upset lol. i've been playing since high school and it's about to be my 10 year reunion.	4
having a sleep over at my crush's house later later virgins	0
accidentally getting too high before work so i'm going to preface this by acknowledging it was my own dumbass fault for not paying attention to the time and, like the title says, underestimating the strength of an edible. also, sorry if this doesn't make any sense. it's been over 8 hours and i'm just now coming down! story: so last night i decided to make a fresh batch of cannabutter for some edibles i was going to bring to a holiday party. fast forward to about 3am where i just got done straining the butter to cool. at this stage, most people decide to throw out the leftovers because they think they're unusable. i decided to make oatmeal cookies with them instead. now this is only my second time making cannabutter. last time i used the leftovers in these brownie bites that didn't do a whole lot, just gave me a nice fuzzy feeling. (like a 2 out of 10 in ent speak) so i didn't see the harm. i made the cookies, let them cool, and ate one while i bagged the rest for the freezer. it kicked in less than 10 minutes later, and i knew i was in trouble. i was flying high at an 8 with no hopes of coming down. i tried eating, lifting, showering, and even got to the point of putting my jacket on to see if i could walk it off (i know) by the time i got to work, but the rational part of me fought through the haze and was like "dude...no." ended up calling in sick instead. moral of the story: weed is awesome...but maybe not at 5am tl;dr: redditor makes edibles with leftover weed residue, eats one, and is too high to function for the next 8 hours.	8
forgetting to put the lid on tight so last friday night i'm coming home from picking up late night fast food and as i walk through the garage and into the house i hear a rustling and look over to see the ass end of a possum scurrying away. it freaked me out a bit so i shut the damn door thinking i just saw the largest rat in history and ready to burn down my house and bathe in acid to recover any sense of being "clean". the next day we went into the garage and made a bunch of noise, blew an airhorn, and moved shit and couldn't find anything. we figured it moved on and went on about our life's keeping an eye out for anything moving in the shadows. today i left for work and thought it smelled a bit like shit in the garage. in fact i knew that smell and it smelled like death. so of course i'm like "maybe there isn't really a dead possum in here, i can't see a dead possum so i'm convinced i'm right and just smelling things. later on that day i get a text from my wife telling me it smells like something died in the garage...damn i did smell it. i get home from work and am looking all around the garage for the source of this death stench. when we looked around the other day i noticed a bag of insecticide that was chewed into and figured maybe he got hungry, ate some poison, pissed off and died. so i'm looking in all the small areas a little critter would go curl up to die and not finding anything. this is where my tifu feeling really hits home.... i start looking where it smells the worst which is over by my fridge and water softener. you see, the former homeowners have been brilliant enough to put the water/salt tank for our softener system in the garage. i noticed the lid to the tank is sitting on the ground. like a regular sherlock holmes i start pondering...."i don't remember taking that off and really not like me to just throw it on the ground. then it occurs to me. like a smack in the face...the only place i didn't look yet was...in...the...tank....i start to peak over the edge and immediately see a large dark object at the bottom. this is immediately enough information for my brain. i grab my wife and drag her outside asking her to confirm what may well be my worst fears...she looks, almost pukes...and now see are trying to figure out when the damn thing last recharged because it soon looks like its set to wednesday ...please tell me it's not an every week thing....please tl;dr - forgot to put the lid on water softener tank which then became death trap for a possum and now i want to burn my house down because i don't know how to read the damn softener and know if it recharged last night with a dead possum in the tank.	5
me [21m] and [20f] broke up because of her mental issues. it was mutual and she told me she needed sometime so basically i've been with this girl for over a year. for the last couple months of our relationship she started struggling with school and threatened to commit suicide. she started big fights with me over the stupidest and smallest stuff. most of the time it was over me ,cheating' even though i never did or i made it seem like i was. i truly love this girl and i tried my best to help her get through those rough times and i tried visiting her at the mental hospital but she just ignored to later tell me how horrible of a boyfriend i am. after that we both came to a conclusion that we should give each other sometime and her mental health needs to get better and we can think about getting back together. this week i texted her to only find out that after 2-3 weeks she's hooking up with someone already. i'm honestly shattered to pieces because i really liked this girl and we got along great and we planned to get back together. i miss her and i'm so lost i've been feeling really depressed for the last 2 days and i just don't know how i should proceed, i know i should completely cut her off but it's so hard for me to do that. this is how our lost convo went to just broke my heart. m: hey f: hey f:what was up ? m: nothing really just wanted to see how your doing that's all. we proceed to talk for a bit and she say this. f:have you hooked up with anyone else yet ? m: no i have not i've just been doing my own thing i'm more focused on my self and don't really feel like tbh what about u ? f: excited for school ? m: why did you just switch the topic like that it's ok if you did your free to do whatever you want. f:i was wondering and i know ! m: so why don't you want to answer me ? f: i actually did m:that didn't take long. m: well good i wish you all the best and i'm glad you moved on this quick this honestly broke my heart and i've been really struggling and i just have a urge to text her or see her to tell her how much she means to me even though it's not the right thing for me to do. tl:dr girlfriend of one year struggling with mental health hooked up with another guy after telling me she needed time to work on her self.	6
i'm picking up on some major vibes from a girl i like, she's in a relationship but has expressed dissatisfaction with it and is considering ending it. what do? i (m25) recently met a girl (24) who climbs at the same climbing gym as me and i think we've really hit it off (i say "i think" because i was diagnosed with mild asperger's a year and a half ago which was a broadside hit to my confidence in my ability to read body language and social cues). we've climbed 1-3 times a week for about 4 weeks now, and as soon as we met i knew i had major feelings for her. after the second time we climbed i found out through conversation that she has a boyfriend. so i took the l and started the process of moving on. we continued to meet up to climb and as we did so, it kept resetting the process: we'd climb, i'd get major feelings, we wouldn't climb for a couple days, i'd feel like i had moved on, we'd climb again, repeat. part of the reason it resets is because every time we climb, i'm picking up on a vibe of extreme interest on her part: giving each other light shit if we bail on a climb or otherwise screw up, making a joke while the other is climbing that makes the other have to bail because they're laughing, jokingly pushing me or tapping my shoulder to emphasize a point, offering to adjust my harness without me asking just because i said it was being a pain in the ass. this past weekend she asked me to take pictures for social media as she climbed, i sat down in a chair to review them with her and she stood behind me and leaned on my shoulder as she was reviewing them. the reason i doubt these signals is because texting has pretty dry and basically just used to plan climbing days (although one time after i told her i'd be gone for a few days on vacation she said "how am i supposed to climb without my partner "). i know that some people are just naturally flirty and don't want to read into something any meaning that isn't there, but i also don't want to be missing blindingly obvious signals. about a week and half ago, it came out that she's not happy with her relationship (growing stale, doesn't feel special, etc.). i expressed sympathy for the situation and related it to a recent long term relationship of mine that had ended. i didn't pry so as not to come across as eager about this situation. we talked about it briefly, and then continued to climb. this past weekend, we met up again and i asked her "how's life?" and she said "it sucks." i asked why and she said "considering breaking up with my boyfriend." we then talked for about 5-10 minutes about the situation as she opened up about it (part of this included her saying she didn't really care if the relationship ended). note that this is the same day that she adjusted my harness of her own accord and leaned on my shoulder to review the pics. now we come to what i need advice on: i feel like i've been in a whirlwind for the past month and i just want it to stop. i want clarity on the situation and don't know if i should ask tell her about the vibes i've been picking up on and ask if there's anything there. but i'm willing to endure the whirlwind and sit on this feeling if it's my best chance at making something happen with her down the line. my dilemma is this: ask what's up and risk losing a friend and climbing buddy because of residual awkwardness after the fact, or wait and see what happens and possibly miss the train. the last thing i want to do is interfere in a relationship, but this feeling is getting to be a lot to handle. so i repeat my question from the title: what do? tl;dr: i like a girl, i'm picking up on vibes from her, but she's in a relationship she's expressed dissatisfaction with and is considering ending it. the feeling is getting unbearable and i don't know if i should just sit on this feeling or ask her straight up if the vibes i'm picking up on are real.	14
i have committed a terrible, terrible crime [i made a tiktok ](<url>) i'm sorry, i thought it was funny	2
i can listen to the cure but i can't cure my sadness filler filler filler filller biller killer willer	19
i hate everyone like bro i honestly do not care about anything if you look at the meaning of life its not hard to understand reproduce but every body has to make it difficult like bro no one cares about ur opinion leave me alone just tryna vibe without being shamed for my views is that alright this is rambly as fuck but tbh idk	7
do you ever look through old pics on your phone and just wonder, where the hell did the time go? i've still got pictures i took five years ago on my phone on my way over to this coffee shop i'm at now, "highway to hell" was playing on the radio. then it donned on me, that song is almost 40 years old!	5
been feeling mentally stable this past week. like i haven't had extreme feelings of emotions in a while. i don't think i'm bipolar or anything. i just get extremely emotional over nothing. been feeling pretty gucci	0
i'm about to cook spaghetti dinner for my parents, for their 30th anniversary they love olive garden, so i'm going to recreate a meal from there, but better lol. salad, stuffed mushrooms, breadsticks, and spaghetti and meatballs. and sparkling grape juice, since neither of them really drinks. i could use a little help from you guys though. can anyone come up with a name for like a really low budget olive garden? a parody name for olive garden. i've been thinking about it and i have a few ideas but let's talk while i cook and maybe you'll come up with something better. **edit** - [it begins](<url>) **edit 2** - [almost done](<url>). just waiting for the water for the noodles to boil, then the sauce. **edit 3** - [done!](<url>) didn't even think to take pictures of the food but this is the important part.	8
i'm so proud, i got my first ever silver today! (reposting this because i forgot to flair and that's very illegal on here so my other post was deleted oops) i feel like i really achieved something for once. thank you to the wonderful person who gave me it. i love this sub	1
you are a first-time grandparent when... you say to ur family: "be quiet! i wanna hear the baby fart!"	8
i got box braids i look so ugly i want to cry i mean i could take them out but i'm too lazy to do anything other than cry	4
ive got nothing to do and just wanna chat with someone tell me something interesting you know or something you just really want to tell someone, im happy to chat about anything	6
how do i (23f) get over my ridiculous jealousy over my ex (27m) and his wife's (28f) life together? soooo ima try to keep this short. basically, we dated almost a year and it was my first relationship ever. it moved too fast but at the time i didn't know. i had zero idea. i loved it tho. found out he was not only cheating on me with girls on dating apps, but he was married. he said all the excuses and said they were gonna get divorced, and it could take a few years so he'd come back when it was all done.... ok. he said her whole social media is to appear normal to her friends, she doesn't want them to know she's a cheater etc. anyways long story short, tried to tell his wife and she told me to fuck off and she didn't wanna hear anything else i had to say. ok. fine. i left it alone.. figured she knows so i can't do much else. long story short part 2.. i still miss him and look at his and her ig so often that it's embarrassing. i don't know why i even still want him because looking back i realize how much he lied and his stuff...?? who wants that. i see her posting cute pictures of her "little family" and things they do together, how happy she is etc. and im so... jealous? she has what i thought i was gonna have and it's like my heart still can't let it go. it doesn't make sense. guarantee he's still cheating and lying to her...so why would i be jealous? no idea. i don't know how to stop though. even if i don't look at them on social media, i still think about him constantly and secretly hope he was honest and he'll come back :( but why?? my sister and dad have said even if we got married one day, he'd cheat on me all the time too, and why would i want that etc. but it's bc for some reason i still love him??? tl;dr; ex bf was a married cheater and liar. we broke up with him saying he'll be back one day and is getting divorced etc. told the wife she said to fuck off. i check her ig and for some reason feel jealous bc she has what i thought i'd have. i still miss him. don't know why. how do i get over it tho? :(	11
boyfriend got a weird message from another lady (f23) long story short. my boyfriend (m25) and me (f25) are together for 3 years. for a long time he had a friendly relationship with this female co worker. i found out some slight inappropriate conversations 6 months ago and asked him to slow down his contact. it was not sexual but a tad too friendly/flirty vibe. he claims that he barely works with her anymore and barely texts her, in his words she texts him on average once a month. yesterday was his birthday but he did not have to work. no one of his co workers congratulated him, only she did. let's call him jack. she said; happy birthday jackie! you thought i forgot about it huh? (she texted this around 6 in the evening) my boyfriend does not have any social media and not posted anywhere that it was his birthday so i dont know how she knows. to me this does not feel like a message to someone you barely speak to. what do yall think? why would she say "did you think i forgot about it " if he claims he didnt talk to her about his birthday? or barely contact at all? or is it a sign of secret contact behind my back? tl;dr worried about a message this girl send to my boyfriend.	8
when you hear "a man walks into a bar (...)" how do you picture the bar? for some reason i always imagine it as an old western bar <url>	1
all it took was a few text messages for me to know that he was "the one". this is the story about the day we met. i swear it was like it came straight out of a movie. it was about 4 years ago, my first day of english class sophomore year of high school. i was sitting 3 seats behind a new boy in my class, heavily taking notes. the following is what he later relayed to me: he was sitting in class, looked back towards the clock, and saw me. he thought to himself, "i need to talk to her!" so for the remainder of the class period, unbeknownst to me, he preceded to pretend to drop his pencil and pick it up or pretend to be looking at the time so he could look at me again. he must have done it about 20 times he said, but i, who was buried in my notebook, didn't notice. he sat there all period thinking of ways he could somehow approach me and ask for my number. being the really shy guy he is, that was extremely nerve wracking for him. then, in a glimpse of chance, our english teacher said we were going to be doing a project and had to work with the people in our row. he thought, "this is it!!" i, the devoted student, however, just thought "there's a new boy sitting up there, i wonder if he will pull his weight or if i will have to do it " as i preceded to stand up and tell my group members how i, miss young and driven, will do all the work and that they would only be allowed to edit it, i glanced down and saw the most wonderful thing i have ever seen in my life. it was his face, smiling up at me. my first thought was "wow, he's beautiful". i had seen boys before, but i had never, ever, seen any boy that looked as gorgeous as he did that tuesday. i did not allow my rapid heart beat to derail my focus for long, of course, and preceded to tell them to let me do all the work. we all exchanged numbers (to his delight) and went on our way. that night, i was texting in the group chat asking if anyone had any preferences for our powerpoint format. immediately, he messaged me outside the group chat with his answer. i thought, "he must not be able to text in a group chat or something" and directed my thoughts back to work. the next morning, he responded to me individually again! i thought, "he seems really nice, i'll ask him where he's from. he must not have many friends having just moved here and all." and then we started texting back and forth. around 10 text messages was all it took. i knew after that that he was the one for me, that he was different than any other boy in the entire world. he was charming, sweet, goofy, and really intelligent. he was everything i had ever wanted, but i didn't even know i wanted until then. i honestly had never felt that way before, and all it took was a few text messages. fast forward 4 years and we both attend different colleges, but are as in love as ever. right after we graduate, i plan to marry him and start our lives together.	11
i watch tiktoks in my sleep wtf is wrong with me i woke up at 6 am this morning with my phone in my hand watching tiktoks . and no i didn't fall asleep doing it lmao	4
i lost my ability to whistle i just realised i lost my ability to whistle. i was listening to stop this train by john mayer and a whistling part came up, and i thought "hey, why not learn to whistle today!". i learnt how to wolf-whistle using my fingers (but not musically) about 8 years ago. i tried learning to 'musically' whistle and failed a few times, then realized i couldn't even regular whistle now i suspect the braces i got 3 years ago to be the culprits. no one told me this would be a side effect of braces. i am sad, disappointed and worried that i'll never be able to whistle again.	14
stop complaining about incels should stop complaining women instead we should respect the oppressed group of minorites.. which is me, a gamer	0
other than spirited away, what's your favorite miyazaki film and why? i really like the secret world of arriety. i think it has some of the best music, and i really love the attention to detail of the big world vs small. the sound design is just fantastic throughout, the first time arriety steps into the kitchen gives me chills, and the ticking of the clock shifting to the beating heart. i also like how magical it feels yet is devoid of anything super natural. its as if it could be a real story that actually happened. it seems to take place in the real world. i also feel it captures those powerful and epic themes that you often find in miyazaki films, death, adventure, coming of age, having your whole world turned upside down. but its wrapped up in such a small and seemingly insignifigant package. if you really put yourself into the headspace of the two main characters, and think of what their outlook on the world must be like and listen to all the little details of their backstory and dialog. everything just fits into place and becomes so richer, the whole movie just gives so much detail on perspective and how drastically different things can seem when you put yourself into another persons shoes. (feel free to talk about spirited away, but i dont even think ive met someone who didnt say that was their favorite. )	6
i have a stupid question okay so, i'm gonna get hate for this, but i prefer samsung. just because of the shit i do online it's easier for me to stay protected. but, i like the camera on my iphone 7. should i keep this iphone with me as a ''camera'' (too broke to get a normal one lmao) and use my samsung as a main phone? i know this is an old iphone and i'll probably get some looks using it for awhile..but i don't have money for a real camera. i have an older one but it's pretty big and i have a really bad neck so carrying it around would be hell. this is the only sub i have to make convo on..since the adults of reddit like to bully me and send death threats over what phones i use. so fellow tech dorks..help me out	3
netflix and chill. netflix and chill. my stepfather sent me a text saying he wants to "netflix and chill." every definition i've read on the internet says he wants to have sex with me while netflix plays in the background or after watching netflix does does r/television say?	10
hydraulic press my balls	15
i have shoes, i wear shoes, i like shoes, shoes keep feet safe, please buy shoes... you're gonna buy shoes? well to do that you need to install honey a free internet browser that saves you money when shopping online	8
why does being popular take so much work there's like 3 people who recognize me	4
i've been having random cringe attacks remembering a wedding i went to 3 years ago so for context, i'm a trans woman and came out and started transitioning four years ago. (this is relevant) for the last couple of months, i've been randomly remembering a specific moment in a friend's wedding 3 years ago. i'd only been to one wedding before coming out, and things are much more complicated for women than men at weddings, so i was pretty ignorant of good 'lady guest at a wedding' etiquette. now, i didn't wear a white dress or something. i knew that much. but i thought it was normal to get super dressed up for weddings, so i paid to have my makeup done. all the other women there just had a regular full face (which looks much different from the full face and sort of dramatic makeup i had done), but i didn't really notice it. and then the wedding happened and i congratulated the bride after the dancing, and she looked at me and made a comment about how nice and done up my makeup was. i didn't catch it at the moment, but a couple months ago i remembered it and realised she was making a passive-aggressive comment about me having my makeup done up more than she did, and now i keep randomly remembering that moment and cringing internally. it's not like, a huge deal, but it has been a miniature torment for me these months. i wish i could go back in time and just tell younger me to go to the wedding like a regular person anyways. wanted to share that somewhere. thanks for reading. would appreciate it if you shared painful awkward memories too! :)	12
maybe if we tell the trump that global warming is allowing more sunlight to penetrate the ocean and that's why ariel is black, he will actually do something about the issue	10
i know many drug dealers they all work in pharmacies	0
i want to go back to college ,but i have no idea what i want to go for what are y'all going for?? i used to go for cosmetology ,but i hated it so much. i ended up dropping out. its been about 2 years and i want to go back to school ,buuuut i don't know what for!	4
i didn't shave my beard for like 4-5 days i think because my razor broke and it's the longest it's ever been, and my dad told my mom that he's jealous of it because it's thicker than his. welll that's not a good thing for me cause i'm transgender i feel so ugly too i hate when people notice everything wrong with me like i already don't :(((	4
is it all in my head? one day my hair got wet and once it dried, returned to its natural state(flat, straight no texture). in this state i feel as if my protective barrier has been broken, feeling self conscious and uncomfortable. so i decide to go home to restyle my hair but my friend insists i look fine... a - my face without a hairstyle (seen through my own eyes) b - my face with a hairstyle (seen through my own eyes) c - my face without a hairstyle (seen through the eyes of other people) d - my face with a hairstyle (seen through the eyes of other people) in a, i find myself unattractive and that is why i feel the need to style my hair (volume, texture). i will not leave my house otherwise. in b, i find myself more attractive and i feel confident and comfortable around other people. obviously with the above story, my attractiveness may not differ between c and d. whilst watching hairstyling tutorials, the faces of those in the video don't really change that dramatically before and after styling their hair. this is the opposite with myself...or at least that is how it is in my head. so is this an infatuation in my head? am i playing down my attractiveness when my hair isn't or am i over estimating my attractiveness when i have style my hair? am i living a lie? i'm a male and i care about my hair	6
the amount of creepy dms you get is the equivalent of people having a crush on you (may not be 100% accurate) or somethin anyways i never got one	0
yo i'm fucking famous my house is on google maps get on my level	0
oof that rayo v. barcelona game was stressful! we were down 2-1 for the longest time, but then turned it around for a win in the final 5 or so minutes. very good game! gotta hand it to rayo though, they gave us a run for our money. are u following any sports this season? why is it that we sometimes get so invested/worked up about our teams' games?	4
anyone wanna get married ? bc you can only have sex after marriage	5
should i give up on nnn? i'm literally seconds away from nutting i'm so horny	2
i wanna be a chad so i can find my karen cuz a karen is better than being alone later virgins	0
it's not his bad behavior, it's me getting mad about it?!?? my (39f) husband (47m) has a habit of starting a fight and then claiming that my reaction is the problem. for example, this weekend he drank too much and informed me the night before my best friends wedding that he wasn't going even though i was in the wedding party and we had rsvpd for our whole family six months ago. he threw a big fit about how he had never even met her husband to be and it would be awkward i admittedly lost my shit. and then in his mind me "blowing things out of proportion" is the problem here. this is just one example so i don't want to pick this scenario apart but this is an ongoing issue with us. is this normal? is there a word for this "tactic"? tl;dr: husband initiates arguments and says my reaction is the problem	10
favorite computer games? looking for good free video games!	0
not sure i'm not sure if i can't sleep because this is the first night my husband went out with his friends and isn't home yet or because i took a 3 hour name at 5pm.	10
i did the dirty deed for dirt cheap i installed instagram	2
i will prob sell my gaming laptop to put towards a 3080 but idk how much it will be worth i bought it for $2k a few months ago and it has a 2070 but it's not powerful enough to play at high settings so i want to upgrade. filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	7
anybody get really bad stomachaches and pain when you're at school specifically? during the school day i feel really bad. i don't know if it's actually hunger, sitting down all day, etc.. but i feel uncomfortablen, my chest, sternum, and upper torso is in actual pain. like i'm sore or something. i know this isn't from covid. i've had this last year also (i'm a junior now ) and my family just tested negative 2 weeks ago. so, anybody feel like this??	2
unable to sleep, back on nights and lets see what friday the 13th brings... hey all again well i finished my night shift at 8am i've probably had 2/3 hours sleep and now my wonderful mind and body has decided that's enough to go back to work on tonight.. wide awake and wondering.. what is going on with all you redditors today? any strange superstitious things happen to anyone? or anyone just wanna say hi have a good day all	6
i asked out my best friend and it went awful this is my first post so keep that in mind. so l have a girl best friend would i talk to basically everyday.so a few days ago i got a bit posed off at her over an ig story just cause it was like a ratings one and i was rated just a little higher than the girls she never talks to. i said something jokey at the start saying y it was so low and she just said okay. so i've have a crush on this girl for about a month now and it started because she helped me get over a girl. so she did a few more and i was tired and pissed so i said wow i thought i meant more to u and she said it's only a story calm down we chill? i said yea was just overthinking things so we talked for about an hour more until i apologised again about wat i said and she put dw its calm so i said i was probs just disappointed cause i wasn't sure if i had feelings 4 u or not. she just said okay and i said soz just wasn't sure if it was feelings or felt close and she just said okay. then i changed the subject and we carried on talking. she knew i thought she was attractive cause i tell her when she's upset and she used to talk to me about it. that was a few days ago and we haven't talked in 2 days ( we had a 36 day snap streak) i've said soz and she's just said it's fine. i go back to school in a couple of days and don't know whether to talk or leave it. i realise now i never wanted to date her and really screwed up.	3
i am struggling i don't really know how any of you would advise me through this so i just want to rant. for the past year i really feel like i've been disappointing my dad and it is the worst feeling ever to disappoint your parents. i lost my iphone 8+ and apple watch (that i paid for) so my uncle gave me his old iphone 6 that's really cracked. so i talked to my dad if we could both split the cost and get it fixed and he didn't even answer me. in the past year we've gotten into a lot of arguments and they've been extremely petty so i try not to be pushy or ask for things more than once. one of them we were talking and i was holding my phone and a bowl of ice cream so i was walking backwards to put my back to the wall and he got really angry at me. he was saying to not disrespect him by walking away while he was talking to me even tho we were both making eye contact and i only took a couple of steps, it really sucks but i got over it i always do. and another time i can't remember the argument but he was yelling at me really loudly and he was threatening to break the tv that's in my room and i was terrified, and i normally don't get scared of anything i'm 17. so he's yelling and i'm just paralyzed in fear he made a hole in the wall of my room and it just sucks to look at because when i see it, it reminds me of that time. it sucks that things are the way they are between us and i just want to break down and cry but i can't for some reason. he does a lot for us we have a nice house, i have a car i share with my sister, we're about to get a new family car, and he pays for all my soccer. more about disappointing my dad i am striving to become a professional soccer player and that involves a decent amount of money and he pays for it all. for the past year i have been going through a mental block that's stopping me from preforming well i just fucking suck now idk what happened to me. and the worst part about it is that he comes to my games and everything and i play like shit. i legit have nothing to offer and i hate it all i do is disappoint him. due to him getting mad really easily it is physically impossible for me to talk to him about how i feel because he will get mad and it sucks more that you can imagine. all i want is a good relationship with my dad and it really really is impossible. so back to the phone issue he was like you lost your iphone, your apple watch and on top of that you owe me 70$ (that he could take out of my account at anytime) and that was crushing to hear him say "what next". this is just a rant and i've probably lost the attention of most people reading but if you read to the end i really appreciate it	3
went to dave and busters today i fucked the high score on the pac man game, fucking amateurs	11
getting my first tattoo in 7 hours! and i'm pretty anxious about it. i'm getting it on my underarm and even though i've heard that it's not too bad in that spot i'm really scared i won't be able to handle it. anyone got some tattoo stories to ease my mind?	8
boutta paint my nails black frfr i've been planning to do it for quite some time now	5
my asian masseuse hugged me when i was leaving it felt better than the handjob	4
whats a lesson you learnt that you will never forget? and we're not talking about something like "i learnt to add and i will never forget it cause its so easy... bla bla bla". the real life lessons you can only learn by living. mine is: some dude was selling blank cds as his new album thats "a lil bit of everything for everyone". it was in a crowded street near my school. i was an awkward 16-17 year old. it costed ps3, but i was like i only have ps1 thinking he'll leave me alone.. i bought a blank cd for ps1 that day. it was the beginning of my change.. i started to train myself to say no to someone. it is a skill just like any other. now whenever a sales man tries to stop me on the street i just shake my head and move on. another lesson i learnt is to walk with confidence when i need to. it makes soo much difference. straight back, if you wanna talk to someone look the straight in the eye and say what you need to. when giving presentations you can look at peoples foreheads or over their head. and theres a whole lot of other things i could mention here... but as you can see im just an awkward frugal introvert in my core. anyways what did ya learn? how did ya learn it? what are some lessons you wanna pass on and teach that helped you throughout life?	1
spam my inbox please i wanna feel popular	0
any arab teens? arab brethren dm i want to talk to a fellow arab	5
hey girl, are you kelvin? cos next to you, i look like an absolute zero	2
an acrostic poem of my name but its literally just pornstars i know j - jayden jaymes o - olivia austin s - sophie dee e - emily willis p - phoenix marie h - holly hendrix ta daaaa this is possibly a cry for help	12
people out there be catching covid while i'm over here catching feelings la di da di da, let me make a poem about my feelings. water flows about, no hesitation at all, like my love for you. and here's another: the sun rises, so blissful and golden such as the beauty of yourself to shin in the awakening sunlight much like the awakening of my love for you... it comes off as lovely and beautiful but deep down, it is flaming and uncontrollable. thank you for reading, this is my first time writing poetry, i love you no homo. unless ??	17
i fucking hate when people talk down to me it just reminds me of my parents smh no but seriously i know people that think they're the shit and you can see it on their face and the way they talk that they think everyone around them is stupid. i hate it. i'm literally not going to respect you unless you treat me like a human being with a brain that works	2
i have a crush this post is weird but i needed to get it off my chest so bye	19
when i put effort into my appearance i feel hideous even when i try to look good..i still manage to look like a paper bag. ugh. i cant tell if im just naturally ugly or what, but it just makes me mad. my regular style is tacky, and when i try and go out of my comfort zone then i don't look/feel like myself. i feel like i'm limited to a lot of things because of the way i'm structured, or maybe it's just because im insecure. i don't know	12
has a tv show ever shown nipples just wonderinglol	1
why didn't the avengers just went back in time when thanos was resting in his farm planet and took the stones before he destroyed them?	10
girls, what do you think of my... #2002 blue-eyes white dragon filler filler furry filler filler	17
i did it i bought a hyper x solocast time to be a content creator.	5
what does this mean people i posted a selfie on my instagram story and this guy replied to it saying ' ' wtf does that mean idk how to reply	9
so, uhm i haven't gotten any wet dreams yet i am a 14 year old boy and puberty has been going fine so far, i have hair growth and "other"growth and i can produce manly juices just fine. but i was having a little convo with my friend recently and he told me that he had this i cident one time where the whole bed was covered with wetness because of a wet dream and that he found it really embarrassing. then i remembered that i haven't had incident like that and i haven't had any wet dreams either. of mabey i never remember them. call someone please tell me what's going on, i am. kind of getting worried.	17
god damn i wish i could be pegged i just wanna be pegged and called a good boy ^i'm ^to ^horny ^for ^my ^own ^good	2
*clever joke about how megumin and megamind are similar names* checkmate weebs _______________________	0
to the girls on this sub regarding the feet pictures i requested in your dms. please read. i'd just like to clear something up regarding the accusations being made about me by some of the girls on this subreddit. the accusations regarding my so called "behavior" are untrue and extremely hurtful. to the accuser/s (you know who you are kitten), a few points for your consideration: 1.) yes i was asking for feet pics in dms, i will admit to that. apparently this can come off as inappropriate for some. so i reluctantly apologize for that. 2.) the feet pics i was attempting to accumulate from this group were strictly for artistic purposes and non-sexual in nature. every head of a non-sexual foot fetishist? well sorry to break it to you but we really do exist. 3.) i have almost never taken screenshots of the feet that have been sent to me and/or sent these pics to other people. 4.) no i have not been making threats to those who choose to ignore my messages & friend requests. telling someone who has clearly wronged me that there will be consequences for their actions is not a "threat". i consider it more a... life lesson per se. learn the difference then report back to me. i'll be right here awaiting an apology. 5.) and finally, as you can see, i didn't tag any of the women who wronged me in this post, as doing so would not comply with my ethics, but i will always respect one's decision to have their own so called "opinion" no matter how misguided it may be. as you can tell my interests lay mainly in the high arts and i can guarantee you that if and when you do decide to step down off your fucking throne and accept my humble friend requests (feet pics or not) at the very least you will end up having a very compatible and knowledgeable friend. hopefully this clears a few things up with the more disgruntled members of the sub.	10
i did it i told my parents about my anxiety and how i wanted to see a therapist. they said i could see one after exams have ended, as they don't want anything to interfere with them. i'm so happy. it was difficult, but maybe now i'll get diagnosed and given medication, and have someone to talk to.	3
happy to find this sub! found this sub after posing the question 'why are people on reddit so b****y?' just wanted to say, i'm excited to find a sub explicitly against the plague of internet hostility look forward to contributing!	3
ugh.. i just played a game of nba 2k16 with my little brother. i told him i didn't want to because i get too hype while playing and end up getting a headache, either during or after the game. now i lost and have a headache and my voice hurts from yelling at the tv. i just need to chill for a little bit and talk to someone or some people. my other friends are out having lives so i'm up for talking about anything. sorry for typing a lot. i'm a mess	12
if you find my username familiar, are you tire of seeing my post? *does slav dance*	10
guys i just turned 18 i can now legally be tried as an adult in the state of california	0
can y'all do a bedroom reveal so i can get decor ideas, redecorating my room 5x a week is the only thing that keeps me sane my room is so minimalist and awkwardly clean tho but one of my walls has two different shades on it after my dad tried to cover up some large holes ( ) so i don't know how to hide it. i was thinking i'd just hang my tv but i don't want a tv to take up so much wall room, it's too big. let me see your poster walls	11
how do you usually keeps yourself busy? just finished college, currently looking for my first fulltime job, haven't got any call back. so, my days goes like this : wake up > breakfast > reddit > lunch > netflix > dinner > reddit > netflix > sleep > repeat . any suggestion of activity that can keeps myself busy until i got a job? i mean netflix and reddit are fun but still it's wrong to just sit all day in front of computer.	9
is it weird for a medstudent in the first 2 years to be in tears in the lectures because of tragic cases our professors tell us about ? i didn't really come in contact with any patients yet , however i noticed this particularly this morning when our psychiatry professor told us about how patients with severe forms of depression tend to mock the doctors for trying to treat them and tell them it's a waste of time and effort . this hit me so hard .luckily no one saw me or else they'd be worried how i can survive the clinical training	1
my best friend blocked me cause he couldn't take a joke. he was my bestfriend since 3 years and he was a photographer. yesterday night i posted a comment on his ig photography picture stating "its as ugly as u lol ". he lost his cool and immediately blocked me in every social media. and he lives miles away from me. the regret's too hard for me now. maybe i shouldnt have said that. photography was his passion and i insulted it.	1
i (32f) found this text series on my boyfriend's (37m) phone which he has allowed me full access to due to previous infidelity. tldr: are these texts found on my boyfriends found (which he allows me full access too) consistent wth someone cheating again (previous history of cheating) or am i being paranoid? i have been monogamous with my boyfriend of 6 years while there were two instances early in our relationship (1.5 and 2 years in) of him having one night stands. most recently i found some text messages with an unnamed contact in his phone. while we took a short break at the beginning of may, by the time these were sent was far after our break concluded, as well as after i found out my dog (who he says he loves after 6 years of a relationship) had emergency surgery and has a terminal cancer. without being able to post the pictures of the texts, here is a synopsis: him: 'how late are you working?' her: 'got off at 530' him: 'copy, guessing you are not in____ then' her: 'nope, at home with the dogs' him: 'copy, was going to see if you wanted to hang out' her: 'yes i do' him: 'i don't know what to do because i'm super tired so i don't want to drive there, but i don't want you to leave your dogs. how long of a drive is it to your place' her: 'i can come see you if that's an option. i'm off tomorrow and have time to kill' him: '12b is open. eta' 12b is his appartment number. then the next morning: him: 'hope you enjoyed your day off...fucker' him: 'that's a joke btw. i'm tired as fuck. see you tomorrow ' her: 'oh. i had a wonderful day off. thankyouveruch. i even got a 3 hour nap in before softball' then 3 days later: her: 'do you want to hang out this evening.. at my house?' him: 'i can't. i would like to but i am worried this is going to get complicated. drhot pockets (me) and i got back together and i am worried about creating workplace drama. i would be happy to talk to you about it.' her: 'not a problem at all, thanks for letting me know' him: 'i was thinking about inviting you over as well for company but, i was worried it would go elsewhere because of my actions. mainly loss of control' then a bit more of discussing whether they can talk. he swears up down and sideways that he didn't cheat, that they only hung out together with other people present, but i think he is lying through his teeth. what is a more objective opinion??	19
going to bed hungry tonight, how's everyone else's thanksgiving? i'm 15 and my dad is too drunk to function and my mom is having a bipolar breakdown, and the worst part is the fridge is empty!! i can't even make myself a thanksgiving dinner . on a brighter note tho i found out my crush likes me today so something to look forward too i guess.	1
i'm sad about being left on read by crush...twice is it over fellas? we just started talking. all i wanted was a chance.	2
my accent and speaking skills it's been around 2 years since i moved to india from the us. in the us, i was always complimented about my speaking skills and the way i gave speeches. however, nowadays i have not only become terrible at it, teachers are now critiquing my accent. what used to be quite a understandable midwestern accent is now almost gone. when i speak it really feels like i'm someone different. ngl, it seems like i lost a part of my personality	2
farewell reddit it was a fun 2 years more like 1 1/2 but same thing	18
imagine having hormones that make you want to have sex lol must suck for all you sad virgins	0
just watched forrest gump in its entirety for the first time i only just now stopped sobbing in my bed	4
hope my spanish teacher's proud nintendo nintendamos nintendas nintendais nintenda nintendan	4
you ever sit and wonder maybe being an instagram chad is better than being a depressed teenage loser. me neither that shit sounds dumb af	0
somone wanna talk or something please please let's talk or somthin	13
can i tell you a story pt 1 (gonna do one every day) it's currently 5:40 am sports day 2015, i had been chosen to do a sprint race and as i get into position i hear the tearing of material but don't think nothing if it. as i start to run across the field i feel a light breeze on my arse... that's when i realise, my shorts had ripped and my knickers were the only think that kept my 10 year old arse from being on display :) safe to say i won the race bc everyone was distracted	13
for the people that are familiarized with my user- are you gay?	10
had to eat my pancakes out of a tupperware container because i have no clean plates. hate it here y'all. # # # # #	16
my bf(17) and i(18) have been dating for 10 months he cheated on me but when asked about me he says good things about me i'm just confused this is probably a really stupid question but i just really need an advice. i love my bf very much. we started dating in october 2018 but he cheated on me back in may 2019 for the first time and since i couldn't resist him i gave him a second chance. he didn't have sex with the girl but they exchanged nudes. when i saw the messages on his phone the girl asked some things about me and at one point the girl asked who's better between me and her and he'd pick me.. same when asked about appearance between me and the other girl. that's why i gave him a 2nd chance. i just dont understand cause we always do it and i always send him whatever he asks for and tease him too. we already talked about it and he said he made a mistake and would never do it again.. til today(july 2019) my friend and i were messing around with her cousin (who he doesn't know) and we tried to dm him and stuff to try to catch if he's gonna cheat again and he did at first he said no then eventually gave in. but again when asked about me he'd always say good things and after he sent nudes he tried to cut it off and said he loves me. he doesn't know that i know and i dont know what to do. i dont want to lose him. i'm so confused an i missing something?	4
finally made some friends at my new school long post so tldr finally found someone who has the same interests as me in online school. making friends on online school has proven to be very hard because they don't allow personal info to be told to anyone else in the chat. taht includes stuff like, phone numbers, snapchat, online ids etc. and i couldn't find anyone in the chat who had any of the same interests as me so it was a surprise when i saw someone who made a reference to wanda vision that people who didn't watch the show probably wouldn't have got and so i said "is taht a wanda vision reference?" and she was like "you watch wandavision?!" and then the teacher instantly shut it down. whatever i think, i'll message her at that counseling thing tomorrow. and lo and behold she loves dc and marvel just like i do. happy to finally have made friends lol. thanks for reading if you did.	3
what movie should i watch next? i have a lot of free time lately and i feel like i don't watch enough good movies. movies on netflix or movies on demand are preferred 🏼	18
guys does my crush like me back? u/thepsylocke	5
i love zelda botw the game is so good and beautiful and looks amazing on pc in 1440p ultrawide. and link is so cute and hot	5
what's the best thing to do after an all nighter of video games? so the good news is it's the middle of my break so i don't have any plans today. (i wouldn't of let myself stay up all night if it wasn't) but now that i have i don't know if i should try to get some sleep and probably not be able to sleep tonight or if i should just try to stay awake all day and then try to get to sleep at a good time tonight. like 10 or 11 idk . i don't really feel tired but my neck is killing me. idk way. maybe from being on the computer all night i guess but probably not. anyway what should i do. thanks for an advice.	7
still not being used to driving my new truck to add some context: i used to drive a '99 buick century (basically the epitome of a grandma car), and after saving up until i just recently graduated from college, i was able to afford a new 2018 silverado. and it ass the perfect vehicle for where i was moving to. anyway my apartment complex has an underground parking garage where all of the residents park. in order to make parking cheaper, they made the parking spots skinnier to fit more vehicles. already not conducive to vehicles my size, but my rear camera has helped me overcome this challenge with a lot of success. every three spots has a large cement pillar next to it in the front of the spot, so typically, i back into the middle of a set of three parking spots to completely avoid this obstacle. however, one day last week, there was no middle spot open, and given the layout of the parking garage, i had to pull forward into a spot that had a cement pillar to its left. when i got in my truck a half an hour later to go run an errand, i looked to my left and noticed that there was no cars in the two spots next to me. i completely forgot about the cement pillar by my rear wheels. so i cut the steering wheel to the right, throw my truck in reverse, slowly back out, and then i hear a loud scraping sound. lo and behold, the first scratch on my new vehicle is about 3 feet tall, 6 inches long, and cost about $1500 to fix. fortunately i didn't have to file a claim for this and could pay it on my own, but it still hutt my wallet and my pride. but wait, there's more i got my truck back yesterday, knowing now that no matter what, i've got to back into these spots in this parking garage until i get used to maneuvering this behemoth of a vehicle. today i backed my truck into the middle of a set of three parking spots with ease. at this point, i'm confident in my ability to maneuver through this parking garage because of this. when i came back to my vehicle to run some errands about an hour later, one vehicle was parked to my right. since the last incident, i've been extra careful about noticing my surroundings. so i hop in my truck, throw it in drive, pull forward a bit, and turn right to leave the parking garage. but all of a sudden, i hear a loud crunch sound after i basically clear out of my former parking spot. confused and pissed off because i already know what happened, i get out and examine my vehicle. there was not a mark on it. confused, i look back at where i came from, toward the scene of the accident. i completely tore the front end off of the vehicle to my right. all the way down to the frame. and the best part? this vehicle was a 2018 mercedez benz. coincidentally, the owner came down about a few minutes later as i'm freaking out. fortunately, he was cool and calm about the whole thing. but since he was someone who knew cars well, especially his own, he estimated that it would probably cost close to $10,000 to completely repair his whole front end. needless to say, a claim was filed with my insurance and i'll be waiting to hear how much more i'll be paying to keep my auto insurance. lesson learned: mirrors are twice as important in a parking lot when the vehicle you're driving is twice as long as the one you used to drive. tldr: ran into a cement pillar in my apartment complexes' parking garage with my new truck that i'm not used to driving, and a day after i got it back from the repair shop, i tore someone's whole front end off while pulling out of the parking spot next to them. that vehicle was a new mercedes. insurance premiums are gonna go way up.	12
i will never lose my virginity because i never lose	0
i hate my body imagine. abt to hide inside all summer from insecurities olollllolol fr tho abt to cry or smth	5
i just prestiged again on cod bow down to ya queen	0
i'm a dodgeball face magnet whenever i played dodgeball in pe, at a kickback, or an event, i always got hit in the face. no, i didn't get hit by some little throw - it was given by that athletic kid with their big arm and it's strong, powerful throw. more than half the time they were aiming at someone else, so i never even expected it! another thing: i wore glasses, so they always got knocked off, just to make the scene even more embarrassing. and this happened, i repeat, this happened, every. single. time. i. played. dodgeball. after about my 20th game (over the years) i just chose to sit out immediately. i was so done with getting hit in the face with a dodgeball. no matter where i was, what time of day, if i was playing a game of dodgeball, i was gonna get hit in the face. if i recall correctly, i still got hit a few times while i was sitting out! ~you don't have to read this paragraph, it's just a specific example (i apologize in advance for this being so long) i once went to a youth group thing in middle school with one of my friends, who had invited me. a group of kids were playing dodgeball indoors, and we decided to sit in the back of the room against the wall, away from it all. then of course, out of nowhere, the ball came flying at me and bam! right in the face - again. by this time i was used to it, but i hadn't realized that they were playing with a volleyball. i just laid back against the wall casually, acting like nothing had happened (after my friend asked if i was okay). then, my nose started bleeding like crazy, so a leader that happened to be there rushed me to the bathroom and helped me clean it up. now, i think to myself, those days were in the past. tonight i went to a kickback with my friends, and guess what we played? dodgeball. i was a little afraid at the thought of playing it, but i chose to anyways. for the first three rounds i was doing fine...by that, i mean face-wise, if that makes any sense. but if you were speaking on terms of winning...well, i was always one of the first people to get out. on the last round, i had been out for a while, so i was sitting on the floor (the rule in this game was if the dodgeball touched you, you had to sit where you got out). this one guy who was still in had the dodgeball, and was aiming to throw it at someone on my left. so i think, hey, i'm sitting down, they're up above me - i'm fine. but hooo boy was i wrong. the dodgeball was really light, so it didn't travel very far when he threw it with full force. sooo yep. it hit me in the face. he said, "hey, pause the game, pause the game!!" then ran over to me saying how sorry he was, asking if i was ok, etc. definitely the most genuine apology i've received from someone who had thrown a dodgeball at me. overall, the situation itself wasn't very bad, but my face still stung and it was red from the pain, mixed with embarrassment. the reason i wanted to share this is bc it just annoys me! like, ik it's something minor, "wtf why do you care about some dodgeball games," yada yada. i get it, this shouldn't matter. it's just a small thing that frustrates me from time to time. my question is, even when i avoid playing, (or i'm not in) how do i still manage to get slammed in the face with a dodgeball?? do i have some magical talent that allows this to happen every time? i almost want to say "it's not even funny" but i mean, c'mon...my dodgeball problem is strange enough to make me laugh a little.	1
got my first model job today! so about a year ago after my beating boyfriend ended things with me and i was hitting rock bottom, i spontaneously decided to model. posing in front of a camera certainly helped me getting back my self-confidence and feeling of being a human being. and today i finally signed my first job as a model! for a wedding dress brand, they want me for their international campaign! and today i realize, do not rely on other for happiness ; you are responsible for your own happiness! hope this helps people that are as depressed as i was a year ago. life has more to offer than you think. have a great day	6
i got an oculus rift boys now my 2d anime girls are in 3d	0
not taking out my trash and my housemates stumbling across my fleshlight. fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck i really need to get this off my chest because i am insanely embarrassed and i don't know who to tell and this is a good place for this kinda sht idk ok so some background so y'all can "sympathize" for my dumbass loll : i was going thru some crap post-break up and yo boi is not in the shape to be seeing anyone. my perverted ass thought it would be a good idea to get one and didn't realize they were annoying to maintain. i eventually got fed up with it and decided to toss it but i only did so into my own waste bin. this is the moment i'll regret forever: when i was cleaning my room, my lazy ass didn't toss the actual bag into the trashcan but left it out... this morning i was in a rush to get to work and forgot to take it out -________- when i got back i think my housemate's dog might've gotten into the bag or something because the damn fleshlight was just sitting out on the kitchen floor ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i hate myself so much rn i just wanna die lmao tl;dr : should've just threw my trash away properly because dog got into it and now the house and friends know my deep dark secret	12
if females have heart boners than males have heart periods	16
what was your best memory? just in general mine was when i held a girl's hand and didn't wake up	0
going to make my coworker fall in love with me she's so pretty	13
ask a trans girl about trans stuff #35 hi there! i know a lot of you know what this is by now now, but for those of you who don't i'll explain it very quickly. on my time on this sub, i've noticed that a lot of people don't know much about trans people. so we often get a lot of hate, since most people don't know a thing about us. that, or they have a lot of misconceptions that put us in a negative light. so, i'm making this thread as a place for you to ask any questions you may have about trans ppl, trans culture, and other trans topics, and i, being a trans girl, will answer answer them to the best of my ability. if ur curious, i'm also open to talking about my own experiences being trans. idc if you think it's inappropriate or too personal, if you have a question, feel free to ask! that being said there are some questions i'm not too comfortable with, but don't beat yourself up over it if i say i don't want to answer. but if you don't feel comfortable talking in a public thread, my dm's are always open if you want to have a private conversation. that wasn't exactly a quick explanation, but it works ig	9
any other guys here sick of peeing in a spray rather than a beautiful straight and steady stream? seriously, this shit has pissed me off to no end. for me, it goes 50% of the time a spray, 30% a hybrid spray/stream, and 20% of the time a perfect straight stream. i don't recommend peeing with a boner or even a half boner if you want to blanket all 4 walls of your bathroom instead of the toilet you're aiming for, but i'm sure most of you already know this. is there any way to fix this shit?	1
this house is too tiny for my parents to be having sex in i was just chilling in the living room, but not anymore. i dont even wanna turn off the tv or the oven or take care of my dishes do they gotta be doing that? thats it i'm moving out by summertime or going to university	7
i had a dream that i was gonna smash this cute boy but we kept being interrupted filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	4
"i had a heart attack" i was playing sims 4 today...ok yesterday (march 27th) since its 4am... and i get scared half to death because the tornado sirens started going off for the first test of the year. so i post on my snapchat story "well. i had a heart attack" with the little dude's voice in the background. someone snapchats me a little later saying "seriously?!". so i was confused by what he meant and said "yeah i didn't know they would start today" meaning the sirens. nono. turns out he thought i actually had a heart attack. at 18 years old. so we get to the conclusion that i did not have a heart attack. so he says "well at least you have a second chance at life " so i reply "yeah its good to still be here" and this man. i shit you not says "ok wait...so you actually had a heart attack?" i think i had another heart attack while i was laughing so hard... for the record... i've had zero heart attacks.	1
a sunny day & all my peeps are away i'm hanging outside, listening to music and working out off and on. have tons of things that need doing indoors but... the sun. it shines! so much for productivity anyone else just whiling away the day?	8
why do my dreams torment me? every day, for the last week i've had a dream where i've gone on a date with a boy. not a boy i know, probably not based on anyone i know. but every night, the date goes really well. then i literally wake up and feel empty. it's not fair, i don't want to be reminded of how lonely i am. plus, it's a boy. i've never even dated a boy! i feel like i'm bi or something because i was actually attracted to him, and loved his personality. maybe one day i'll have a cheesy movie moment where i meet someone just like him	9
lmao am dead rn soo yeah we are playing basketball with my mates and there is this guy his defense is soo good but his shoots and passes meh sooo there is another guy who is like you are good at doing nothing with missing a beat the guy replies am good at doing your mom soo shut up and pulls out his phone and he is like drunk drumhead ohhh look your mood m is classing time for my bj and walks away lol the other guy wanted to beat the shit outta him i'll keep you guys updated if there is a fight or shit goes down	1
hello europeans and fellow insomniac americans that's it, just wanted to say howdy	0
i wonder how many actual teenagers are here hmmmm	10
something strange happened to me today. had a weird feeling since that i can't seem to shake. hard to explain so bear with me. this girl who i used to be close with (friends close) used to have beautiful black hair. one night at a party, we were both really drunk and she was resting her head on my chest as we were slouched on a sofa by the fire pit. that moment, with my hand running through her hair, time stood still, and i realised i had deep feelings for this girl. i didn't want it to end. long story short, she wasn't interested and ended up dating someone a few weeks later who she is now in a proper relationship. she also dyed her hair blonde. we haven't spoken in a long time now. but today, i saw her down the street by the college. she'd dyed her hair black again. i haven't been able to get the thought of that cold night lying on the sofa out of my head since. i know that whatever chance we had has long since passed, but i just can't shake the feeling that had i done things differently, things might have turned out as i'd wished. just a weird feeling i can't get out of my head, despite moving on long ago and getting on with my life. has anyone else had something similar occur? i can't say it's a very comfortable situation	1
found my best friends boyfriend on omegle shirtless it was in those boring days between christmas and new year's that you have absolutely nothing to do so i decided to go on omegle (after years of not being in there) since i'm a bit shy ( and i wasn't wearing makeup) i decided to wear my face mask ... so i was just talking to some cool people and nexting creeps when i saw this shirtless guy and just when i was about to skip him i realized it was my bffs boyfriend and not gonna lie i always thought he was cute... so any ways i said hello and he said hello back and the he asked me "do you like being told what to do?" and i was like and that's when i realized he had no idea who i was so i just ... haha let me know if you wanna know what happened next	5
everyone posts about how they want a girlfriend hey ! us girls want boyfriends too ! im lonely	13
uhh... what happens if your dog eats raw egg ok so basically we leave our chicken fence open, and it turns out our dog was eating their eggs (don't worry, she doesn't attack the chooks)... no wonder we couldn't find their eggs to take inside but seriously, would our dog get salmonella? according to the internet it does, but my mum said that because they're home chooks it might not be a possibility but idrk. i just want to make sure our dog is safe and that she won't get sick (so far she hasn't been acting weird)	1
if i ever hear a homophobe talk smack ima chafe their eyeball yeah you heard me, talk smack see what happens	16
ex-gf was anti-marriage, now she's engaged til, my ex-girlfriend that i dated from 2007 until 2015 (we got together in our mid-20's in south florida and she moved back to her home state of nj. i asked if she wanted me to come, she refused my offer) is getting married. i knew she was seeing somebody for a while, as we still keep in touch occasionally. ive also dated since we've split. but she always claimed she never believed in marriage, since her parents had a rough go of it back in the day. i'm conflicted. i'm happy she is apparently happy. but i'm furious about her change of heart when it comes to marriage. we discussed it for years and she always talked about how it's never something she would do. she never could get comfortable with people long enough to keep them around in her life for very long. so i thought what we had was special. i feel wronged. i feel lied to. i feel as if she only said those things to me because she didn't want to end up with me. i'm trying to put a different spin on it, but i don't think i can. she claims she's changed "a bit" in the past 3.5 years, but we still talk from time to time and i don't think she has (apart from this development). it makes me feel like a total fucking loser. part of what helped me with our breakup was knowing that no matter what happened, i knew the relationship didn't end because of anything i did or the person i was. i was certain it was because she was always uncomfortable with her situation in life and was forever seeking change. now she met some guy that she's been with 1/4 of the time she was with me and she's engaged. i honestly don't know if i can go on living. i feel rejected in a way i can't describe and i don't know how to process this. tl:dr - my ex-gf who didn't believe in marriage or ever saw herself in another long term relationship is marrying the first guy she dated after me and it's upsetting.	14
taking my crush to a tyler concert wish me luck boys hope i end up in	15
theres a baby staring at me i dont know what he wants he keeps staring at me	5
i feel sick i maybe need to stop with the trans porn	10
just wanted to say thanks all of you on reddit are just so nice. here's some love -->	3
i got my first pm of a pet! i absolutely adore animals and would really love a cuddly pet. until i have enough money to properly take care of one though, i'm living through pics! i've had this account for three weeks and today, i got my first pm of a really friggin cute doggo named lando! i was legitimately giddy **edit:** i've gotten pictures from 37 people and over 50 pics total!! you guys are seriously awesome.	19
17f anyone wanna listen to me rant in pms so like yeah? i'll rant and expose my shitty life decisions while u judge the fuck out of me who's down?	0
i still havnt attended a single online pe class. i've been skipping it for the past week. only bad thing is that i have a 0 now	7
what if we were having some platonic homie cuddles but your pp ended up in my ass	5
i need to address this look i've been wearing socks ever since i came out the womb so i don't wanna hear "eww why are u kissing my boy friend" and "omg your so gay your making out with the teacher" like shut up i ain't gay i'm wearing socks so i can't be gay simple don't worry guys it's ok to make out with the boys if u got socks on	0
it just be like that sometimes whenever i have really low self esteem i want to cut my hair. so how short should i cut my hair this time bois	0
i opened my wallet and a centipede fell out into my lap i screamed so loud my mom almost crashed the car	0
girl took my crush i liked and is rubbing it in my face ? i 23 (f) liked at guy at the gym . girl 28(f) liked him as well but downplayed it . then i told her i thought he was v good looking and mysterious and she used this and basically found him on tinder and started talking to him! and basically is now dating him and it hurts ! but i said nothing about it . i changed gyms and started going there and now she won't stop messaging me and rubbing it in my face she posted a picture with him on instagram , snapchat , accidentally sent me a message between the two of them intentionally and finally confronted me saying if me not showing up to the gym was a way of ghosting her / breaking up with . to which i have not replied . what should i do about this ? td;lr : gir'l took my crush is rubbing it in my face and confronting me . what do i do ?!	12
i just financed my first car all on my own and to tell you the truth i could not be happier, this car has all the things i thought my car would have when i'm like 40 and i just turned 20 about a month ago, shout out to my parents for not kicking me to the curb so i can actually afford to get what's now the best car anyone in the family owns! can't believe it, like every time i get in it i figure out something else it can do. pretty huge step for me, and i was a little nervous, but it was well worth it, the dealership got me into a car i never thought i could have, but then again i will be paying for it	1
any rich teen wanna give me money, no ok	4
i hug like a savage mf lmfao	16
holy shit bois i did it! i finally beat the ender dragon in survival mode! now i can truly call myself a gamer.	0
about to pull an all-nighter! it's been years since i've done this! is 300/3000 words "close enough"? at least i know everyone in my class is struggling too. the only thing in the house to drink is coffee and water and beer i can't open. any tips on staying awake? should be interesting - wish me luck!	1
one word summary of a hard week what one word best describes a long day after work/ work week and getting home to relax.. lie in bed/ couch or doing your favorite activity examples: utopia, bliss, joy etc let me know down below	18
do any cute alt girls wanna peg me	15
how do i tell my mom the reason i sleep until 3pm is because i don't want to be awake sad girl hours be all the time now huh	4
i don't feel bad about taking advantage of men when i'm single i'll go on dates with guys mainly for the free food, sometimes very expensive food like hundred dollar sushi. when i have a thing with a guy (not officially dating but still romantically somewhat interested) i tend to string them along until i find a guy i like better or they decide to leave me. i realize i'm very selfish in that i only care about myself and don't care at all i'm using men for free things, attention, etc. i think the reason for this is that it's very hard for me to fall in love. i've probably had "things" with 15 guys the last four years but only seriously dated two. these two guys absolutely broke my heart and after them i just didn't care how i treated anyone else. however i treated these two exes very differently than i would normal guys , i would put their needs first and never used them for anything. i guess i only care about those i truly love, friends included, and for those i don't i'll use them to a great extent. any other women (or men) like me out there? lmao don't roast me too hard i already know i'm a bitch just want to see if i'm normal lol	1
bluetooth online school is amazing i can just put on my bluetooth earbuds and just walk about doing my stuff while my teacher lectures. this is amazing it was just enabled by my school. have you guys been doing this the whole time?	5
today i felt pride while i described what i am doing with my life hey all, i had a rough start to 2018. i was diagnosed with psychosis which had me in a mental ward for 2 weeks. i was hallucinating and believing ridiculous things. i thought people were aliens, i even saw someone eyes blink sideways. i thought people were plotting to kill me. i thought i was being controlled by north korea. i thought the winter olympics were determining the state of the word. i thought my fellow mental patients were super heroes and i was being recruited as a super hero by the saudi government and singularitynet. i thought i was being forced to blow up a football game by an organization. i thought my parents were russian mafia and i thought i had to escape the hospital dressed as a woman so i shaved off my beard and dressed in woman's clothing (this one i think is kinda funny, in retrospect ) i thought a lot of weird stuff and it was a truly terrifying experience. it felt like it lasted years. but honestly the worst thing about it was the self doubt at the end. i had some crazy ideas leading up to my psychosis. i wasted quite a bit of money on ventures that didn't go well. i was working on a lot of things at once. i thought i was going to create something amazing. but after my psychotic episode i really struggled to tell what were the ridiculous grandiose ideas and what ones were actually decent. i defaulted to everything being stupid. i lost my mojo, for sure. i was considering getting a job. i've never had a job in my life even though i have worked a lot. i'd always managed to get by on my business profits. but all of a sudden, i thought everything was impossible and i was too stupid to do anything even remotely worthwhile. i began looking for jobs, but to be honest i was too fucked to work a normal job. i genuinely wasn't good enough. my brain felt like it was running on battery saving mode. i could barely have the cognitive function to do my taxes (many thanks to my wonderful mother for helping me there) and for awhile i was just convinced the best thing to do would be for me to die. but i couldn't do that because it would hurt people. so i just existed for a bit. then, i started to get a bit better. i was on antidepressants and the sedative effect of the anti psychotic medicine was not hitting me so far. i attended some cbt therapy sessions and they helped a bit but i was still pretty down because my business was not going well. i decided to give myself 1 year. from august 2018 to august 2019. in that time i would attempt to make ps1,800 in passive income and ps3000 in consulting per month. if i didn't achieve that, i would get a job. it's now december and i've already exceeded the consulting goal. and the passive income (my favorite) just started coming in this month. ps159 this week so far. nothing big but its working. plenty more in the pipeline as well. but the biggest thing is a few of the ideas that i had leading up to my psychosis... the ridiculous ones. the ones i could never do. i'm doing them. and it's working! i'm following my passion and working on something i love doing. it feels great. i went through a horrible period of self doubt and dreaded anyone asking me what i am doing with my life. i felt ashamed, stupid and just generally quite shit. but when my friend's brother asked me what i'm up to today and i told him bits and bobs about what i'm doing, i felt genuinely good about what i was saying. and, i'm just well chuffed about it. i thought i would share that with you. has anyone else had an experience like this recently? i'd love to hear your experiences!	1
anyone else wanna uh.... burn the entire fucking city of macau	5
anyone up to join an epic group chat? (on reddit) rules ig 1. u not boring 2. dont pedo to the metal comment if yo up	0
i have a project about the sense of gustation... any ideas to make a creative model or ways to present it? ok so the course is scientific: "sensation and perception". my final project is all about taste.. how we taste, its chemical properties, how its transmitted into the brain as electrical signals. it also discusses the structure of the tongue responsible for gustation. so yeah thats practically what the content is. what i need is a creative idea to apply this chapter in an interesting model or whatever project. so i would really appreciate some of ur ideas! thank you!	6
i'm fucked the first school quarter is gonna end and my procrastination kicked in by the third week of school so now i have work from 6 weeks ago that i have to do in 6 days so basically 1 week per each day i don't know how i got to this point.	12
(20/m) i don't know what to do... (20/m) i've been battling depression and anxiety for a good part of my life now. and i know i'm only 20 but it feels life i've been struggling my whole life. i have been dating my so (20/f) for 2 years now and that has helped in some areas but i just always feel down. when i'm not distracted by something my mind wanders and like right now i'm with my friends and it feels like a wave just came over me and i don't wanna do anything except by alone. my so is out with her friends tonight, we had disagreed on something before she went out and she said we'd talk about it later. is it wrong for me to not want her to post pics on her vsco in a see through bra? i mean it's barely see through but it irritates me and makes me feel disrespected. i'm sure this is why i got down and anxious so suddenly. we've talked about this before and i agree it is her body and she can do what she wants but i also feel like she should to some degree care that it makes me uncomfortable and idk how to talk to her about it and make her understand how i feel... my anxiety gets so out of control sometimes i just wanna scream. i get jealous over small things and i feel like i'm crazy when it's something i think is valid but she doesn't see the way i do. i over think a lot and maybe i'm over reacting. but i don't know what to do or who to talk to this about so i thought i'd see if you guys could help me...	2
i haven't opened my minecraft world in over 6 months because it was the first night and i hadn't made a house yet so my character will forever be paused while getting eaten by zombies	15
tifu: by letting by dick think for itself i'm fairly newly out of the closet, so i decided i wanted to try hooking up. i have very poor impulse control mind you. so i started talking to this guy on a "dating app", everything was going great and we started to make plans to meet up for what he thought was just talking first at that point. and then my other brain took over and i started to tell him what i wanted him to do to me, i guess he was caught off guard because he typed wtf lol i apologized and explained everything, i don't know if i ruined everything but today i fuck up with my poor impulse control and letting my dick think for itself.	7
we just ran out of fucking pads what do i do now	7
also guys i got something to confess i didn't go on that run today bruh i'm sorry i was just too tired but im definitely going tomorrow	4
i've been eating the best i can and also walking for 3 hours a day but i only gained weight in the last month	4
yeah i named myself after a moose why? cause i'm hung like one laugh with me	0
i went to my office in toronto today and had one of the best days my boyfriend of 4 years had to end things suddenly on thursday because he's moving across the country and i felt a little sad at first but it was an amicable breakup so i'm not totally torn up. but today i went into work, forgetting that the championship parade was on. i walked to work and the atmosphere was electric. my supervisor and coworker decided we should go down to watch it since we're about a 5 minute walk. it was amazing. then we watched it all day at work on the projector. then after work one of my good friends was in toronto for a concert so we met up and drank on the harbour front and had a great time. it's crazy how you can go from the lowest low to feeling so happy in just a few days. to everyone out there who is struggling, just know your happy day is coming truly feel blessed to have gone into the office instead of working from home today.	3
mobile game ads where the people are terrible at the game are fucking stupid not to mention "me" vs "my gf " ads no i won't buy your game to prove that i am better than the commercial now go spend your money on something other than marketing	1
my life lately has been a balancing act between love and war, ugly and beauty i know that title might not be the most casual thing in the world but i'm a bit extra recently i've been suspecting that i might be on the spectrum and my girlfriend and i are on break but also i'm getting my life together. finally getting a job i like and i've been achieving goal after goal in my personal life and i just wanted to share. things still aren't great but they are on their way to it and that's the important part for me. what kind of personal victories are happening in your life?	8
my niece just presented us with a list of "5 reasons why i should have a baby sister." we were just sitting in the living room talking, and she walks in and gives this list to us she is technically my grandniece, so she gives the paper to my niece (her mother) and this is what it says: why i should have a baby sister 1. babies are very cute 2. i'm gonna be a good big sister 3. she will be very nice 4. we can name her isabel 5. we can love her very very much i thought it was so cute. i just had to share	1
do guys really find thighs attractive? or like only skinny girl thighs, just wondering	10
boys are cute but i also avoid them	2
made a huge inversion of money on someone who doesn't love me hey there dear r/relationship i've been meeting someone from the college, it's been more than 10 years since i last saw her in the college and i've been speaking to her during almost a year, i've been buying here gadgets and stuffs that she didn't needed but also i felt sweet to give them to her, so i bought them, also a little ago i bought her a ticket for her to come from her country to mine, but she always was really cold in the sense that she never have been sweet to me, neither said anything that you could find romantic, still i was there, i felt that she was being just hard to get, but i noticed like 2 days ago that she was always sincere and she never was in love with me, she only enjoyed the gifts o gave her, when she came to my county, we only saw each other twice in a period of 2 weeks, the rest of the time she was with her family while i was working also, her dad died like 4 days ago form colon cancer, so i don't want to tell her right now that i don't want to continue with this because she might feel stressed while dealing with his father thing what would you do, i was thinking on breaking communication with her and try to forget everything, the thing is that when she writes me ilost myself and only can think of making her happy i feel like i'm losing myself thanks for any help that you guys/gals can give to me	14
using woooosh outside reddit is plain unfunny and cringy upvote for free ipod touch 5g	0
yee oy yee ay ayee you yoy yoy very	5
am i in the wrong? i am sixteen years old. i am currently in high-school. i have been working at home, with a lot of free time. i wanted to save up for an ipad. seeing that my parents did not have any jobs for me, i decided to apply for jobs elsewhere. i wanted to put half of my pay check towards post-secondary. i applied for a job at a local supermarket, and i got it. i (for whatever reason) accepted the job as a dishwasher for the deli/restaurant/bakery. it was he##. i want to make a note that i was fine with getting dirty. that was not the problem. i had three problems with the position, that pushed me quit. firstly, they wanted the dishes done in such a way - they were not clean at all, but it saved them money. if someone where to complain, they would get investigated - and i would get in s###. it would give me a bad reputation. secondly, they lied about my wage. they promised me fifteen, but when i got my first check, i was making only thirteen dollars an hour. thirdly/finally, the new employees (the second week - ones i have not met before) kept calling me (yes, more than once) a furry f#g###. couple that all together, i went on break and never went back. this job lasted two weeks. i got a second job at tim hortons. i want to start off by saying they did not give me training. they started giving me training, but never finished. i got in sh## today because i did not know how to do something, but was never taught it. the expectations the manager has for the employees is unbearable. i am worried that i am not going to pick up fast enough, and let down the team/get fired. i do not feel right working there - it does not seem for me. i wanted to work in retail. i do not want to work with food. my sister told me to apply at tim hortons. i jumped on both opportunities as i thought having a job would be the best thing in the world/something very difficult to get. i do not know what i should do. should i stick it out? i cannot say much about the second job - except for the fact that i do not like it very much. i do not know if that is good enough, as i have not been working there for long. at least the pay is good. any advice would be much appreciated. am i just an id###?	10
getting my dick out in the middle of the gym. (not really nsfw unless the word dick is nsfw) this just happened about half hour ago... i was nearing the end of my workout when a blonde girl walked into the free weights section, now she's pretty hot and in great shape, if i had a gym crush she would probably be it. i see her maybe 4 times a week and she's always been smiley with everyone and seems nice but we've never spoken more than the odd "how many sets do you have left" she said she really liked my tattoo and asked if it covered my whole leg, to which i said yes (it's a full leg piece front and back) she asked if she could see the rest so i said sure no problem. i usually wear tight nike pro / ua shorts under my workout shorts to keep everything in place but being like 1am i decided to just throw on shorts over my boxers i had on. so as i pulled my shorts and boxer leg up to show her i accidentally went too high on the inside of my leg and out flopped my soft penis. it's about 6" soft and i usually put it to one side, if i had my usual np / ua shorts on it would stayed unseen and everything would have been fine i looked at her like and quickly put it away, said sorry followed by "well this is awkward" she replied with "oh no it's fine, it's really nice... the tattoo i mean" before turning the same shade of red as me. it's lucky it was late and there wasn't too many people there, i'm just waiting for it to end up on some cringe compilation on youtube from the cctv and trying to decide which one of us will change gyms first. either that or the police knocking on my door for indecent exposure.	5
well i finally asked her out :) it was exactly how i expected, she did say no, but it's all good, she didn't seem weirded out or anything, more concerned for me than anything, which is why i wuv her she was respectful yk also she said she's been dry cos her crush doesn't want her talking to other boys, im gonna wish her good luck and not be jealous but im also gonna tell her that if he doesn't want you doing that then... he might just be a massive cunt, ill say it nicer than that tho lol	13
who's down for a story so the other day i was minding my biz playin cyberpunk and listening to music and mary (my girlfriend text me and i'll kinda relay what it was for a bit mary : hey uh pete ..how much did you go to the beach as a kid me : what do ya mean kid? like 10 thru 12 or 4 thru 9 cuz i don't know how much of the 4 thru 9 stuff i would rember mary : uhhh 7 me : that's specific mary: whell i found somthing here [my re creation of the picture ](<url>) [if you can't read it says "mary made a friend named peter at the beach today with scars on his belly his mom said we're from a surgery mary wanted to take a picture with peter cuz she said the scars were weird and she dint wanna forget ] me : wtf that's me in the pic mary : i knew it .. me : so it turns out we met at the beach 10 years ago ? mary : i guess so me : cool when you come toningt bring that scrap book mary: ok petey see u at 3 luv u anyway i though it was a cool thing that happened and i can't be fucked to put in effort so i just copied the texts messages witch did take effort but whatever anyway it blew my friken mind	3
ive been bamboozled i was playing minecraft with someone when they started complaining about instagram. naturally i said "reddit better" they then replied "yeah i steal their memes all the time and put it on instagram" i immediately blew their minecraft dirt house up cause they were a normie in minecraft anyways	0
u know that thing mostly girls do with their mouths in selfies. like when they suck in their cheeks rly hard & their lips look like 8 ??? yeah how the fuck i cant do that ?? it's so cute but do they have like a class or smth to teach me coz i can not make that shit work	19
what's the worst case of post anime depression syndrome you ever had? for me it has to be a tie between hunter x hunter or the tokyo ghoul manga (not an anime i know but still). i'd say that tg had the most devastating effect though, since i finished it really late at night whilst i was at the library and went home straight after so the drive back was a bit..... emotional. but yeah. those two are really the only ones i've experienced these last few years. all the other ones i finished were when i was a bit younger, around 10-14ish. someone told me how good hxh was (watch it, trust me you won't regret it) and i just started watching it on netflix. the pads kicked in hard tho, so i tried to get rid of it by watching tokyo ghoul but the storyline was poorly done in the anime adaption so i read the manga instead and.....you know the rest. never again though!	1
(title about asking crush out) you expect a twist here but one month anniversary is coming up, later virgins	0
for those of you who already have their halloween costume figured out, who are you going as? personally, i'm planning on going as [johnny bravo](<url>). i've already some of the look down, i just need to grow my hair out a bit longer, use blonde hair spray and work out a bit harder to fit the look better. funnily enough, i already have my costume planned for next year i'm planing to go as [jotaro kujo](<url>) from jojo's bizarre adventure. i'd like to go as him this year, but i'd like to properly fit the look (lose about 10 pounds, get an inch taller [6'3 as of now] and put the costume together properly). who/what are you guys planning on dressing up as?	9
i'm sitting in my girlfriend's apartment in japan eating ramen and playing arms waiting for her to get off work i fly back to the states at the beginning of next week, but i've spent the past few weeks here in japan with my girlfriend and they've been awesome. i bought arms because i don't have my desktop and wanted some fitan gamin' to do. i'm down to talk about literally anything. she won't be back for a while, even though it's already 8:37	2
bet you look good naked yeh that's right hornyness and wholesome body positivity in on post	5
finally dreamt of her... and it hurts bad. soon three months have passed since my mom committed suicide by overdosing on caffeine pills. in the time that has passed, i've briefly dreamt of her, with no reaction in the morning. in my daily life too, i've done "pretty well" with trying to carry on my life and studies (most bizarre thing was taking an exam the week after she passed. never again). then tonight i slept kinda bad, waking up a lot. then i started dreaming i was going somewhere on a train, but that mom had my luggage. i ran out the train and down the platform towards her. in my dream i could still think "oh, i'm dreaming about her. i better not stay here long" but i couldn't stop myself from hugging her. and then another hug. and then i had to run back to the train that was leaving, knowing it would be the last time i'd see her. now i'm sat having breakfast salted by tears. i just want to hug her for real so badly. thanks for reading guys, this place means a lot	3
oh,hey person on reddit what's the difference between you and a pair of glasses? * * * glasses seem to sit a bit higher on my face (wettowa) ( deg ? deg) ^(istg i'm not gonna stop posting these)	0
a very facinating title that doesnt get removed >.< this is a u/twoobie appreciation zone	0
1 updoddle = 1 squat mods won't let me say upvote anyway tryna get healthy n shit!!	5
still want a cute boyo but there's none that i can have	2
yo so my crush texted me later virgins	0
putting the wrong product in my hair backstory: i am a caucasian women with naturally curly hair. so i got this hair treatment and was super excieted to use it. i have scalp psoriasis, so my scalp gets dry, itchy, and noticably red. i hop in the shower and read the directions. says to wash your hair normally and apply to the areas needed. said nothing about rinsing it out so i thought it was like a leave in conditioner type of product. wash my hair and open the jar. it smells good a little like watermelon but looks a little funny. oh well, i scoop some out with my fingers and begin to massage it into my scalp and the ends. it feels really weird and slippery. i tried to rinse it out and nothing happened. i got out of the shower and examined the product more closely and it is grease for african hair i slathered so.much of it in my hair and it won't wash out haha. tl;dr i accidentally out grease in my hair instead of a deep conditioning treatment.	9
what should i in college? hi everyone, i'm a 16-year-old-girl, i'm studying at high school and i'm wondering what i'd like to do in the future (university, job...). i love languages and i'm trying to learn the ones i prefer. i also love arts (especially history of art) so i came up thinking that the way i could match my two passions might be becoming a touristic guide. now comes my question: is a touristic guide attached to the place he/she lives in or come from? or can he/she travel and work in different countries for different amounts of time? for example i'm from rome but could i work for 1 year at lima and the following year in south africa? thanks for the answers	8
bro fuck male humans like we're just a bunch of cock waggling shit sticks. like uh hahaha look at me i'm (**nigga**) tall and what the fuck is a penis. just some veiny cylindrical weird ass.....it's fuckin gross. and women have more interesting clothing	1
weirdly attracted to a fictional character tldr: i am attracted to a fictional character a bit too much, and get a weird feeling when i see said character, and get sorta sad when she isn't real i've recently watched this show (it's an anime but i won't go into it) and i like one of the characters in it, i think it's what's called having a waifu or something, but i get butterflies in my stomach when she appears on the screen, a bit pathetic i know summing it up, it's sorta like the feeling you get when you have a crush at school, except not real, also, it isn't like this character isn't on my mind, i don't tend to think about tv shows that much outside of watching them also, to finish up, it isn't like i'm lonely or wanting a relationship, because i don't want a relationship with anyone i know etc...	9
i think i have a crush but i am also disappointed so, i've been having issues trying to like someone else after events with my ex girlfriend last year. however. two weeks i found out that an old friend that i haven't spoken to in about 2 years exists cause she sent me a follow request and a dm on instagram and boy has she changed. still with the same wicked sense of humour and music though. and since about two days ago i think i'm starting to develop a crush on her where does the disappointment come in? now. she now lives in dubai because her parents work all the way over there. she only comes back to our country for 4/5 months an year. time to move on i guess lol.	5
i'm going at 9:50 i am going to school at 9:50 because it's recess then and at recess i don't need to get a late note	0
foreign exchange students my family might be hosting students from japan that are around my age, this is going to be epic	0
fudge dude. my grandmother is dying. she on her death bed i need help idk what to do at first just my mom was going to fly and visit her. now my dad and mom are driving up. so it's just me and dog and my sister staying at home for like a weekend. i'm not scared about staying home i'm scared for my grandmothers life.	4
looking for someone to talk to while i go through a divorce after 10 years of marriage. 31/f/indy if you can offer any advice or need someone to talk to, i'm here	6
i almost passed out i was at a civil war re-enactment and i almost passed out like a boss while talkin' to some dudes	0
anyone else love when males lift their shirt and you see their tummy	17
locking myself and my friend in his room well my friends door is missing the knob from the inside. so once it's closed , it needs to be opened from the outside. [the cursed door ](<url>) so tonight after a quick walk around the block to catch some fresh air and get a little stoned we head back to his room and me being high i slam the door behind us. no one is home. so we start trying everything to wedge open the part of the door that opens it that we can. credit cards, the back of a calculator, the cover of a textbook, a thin metal pole thingy - there wasn't much in the room. the big fuckup was me telling my friend that he could simply swipe his credit card downwards and it would open the door - i mean it works in movies and tv right? - no. it doesn't and if you do it very quickly like my friend you will break your credit card so all in all we ended up being trapped for 3 and a half hours before his parents came home and let us out. tl;dr locked me and my friend in his room for 3.5 hrs and broke his credit card trying to get out	1
i sucked my own penis it has been 4 hours since i successfully sucked my own penis. things are different now. as soon as mouth-to- penis contact was made i felt a shockwave through my body. i have reason to believe i have super strength and telekinesis now.. 3 hours after contact i noticed a van parked on my street but no one has entered or exited the car since its arrival. i fear for my safety, i'm not sure what sort of power i may have stumbled upon but it's possible that the government has found out. if i don't update this again please send help. update: just escaped from the pentagon, the government is sending all their military forces to pursue me, my life is currently in extreme peril. they attempted to strip my ability to suck my own penis but i created a shockwave to blast away the researchers before they could touch me. this is bad, i have exhausted all my chromosomes and now i have to hide and replenish my energy while the patrol helicopters fly over me.	0
so guys what grade were you on when you were fist sent to the principal's office for bad stuff if ever. tbh need to know if this is a good christian sub or just a bunch of rascals	11
i feel like everyone was looking at my boobs in dance class i wore the wrong bra for my college dance class and my boobs were all over the place. there was more movement than i anticipated. i'm used to lifting and low impact workouts, plus i'm smaller, so i figured a simple sporty bralette would do. i didn't think it through and i am now experiencing post incident cringe wondering if people noticed	9
i need a facetime buddy age 14-17, i got barely any friends right now and i just want someone to talk to im 15 if you're down, send a message	1
i know a lot of you getting back to school so i send you a lot of confidence and one tip that worked for me is to stay positive and keep the good mood, trust me it will boost your confidence	6
standing up my crush so this story actually takes place between yesterday and today. so for a bit of back story, i play on a beach volleyball team with my crush and 2 other people. last night i proposed the idea that we go practice since our season is about to start and madelyn (that's what we'll call my crush) was totally down even though she had plans already the next day (which is today). madelyn told me that she would just move her plans earlier to make time to go practise and wanted to practise at 9:30 am. so with that, we inform the other 2 people on our team about the practice and everyone says that they're able to practice. an hour or two after everyone said that they would be able to make it, one of the partners changes their mind and says that they actually can't make it. so we all jokingly express the inconvenience and i assumed that we would call off the practice since we were out one team member so i left it at that. next day rolls around and i sleep into 11:30ish. i have a text and snapchat that were sent at 9:40 of madelyn asking if i'm still coming. i obviously missed it and to add insult to injury, i have all the equipment and it turns out the other partner ended up making it to practice. i feel like a dumbass tl:dr: i made plans with crush who is on volleyball team, everyone said they could make it, one person changes their mind, i assume practise is canceled and stand them up.	12
i got high and now my mom is making me pancakes fuckkkk i'm soooo happy rn but i wanna take a shower but i don't like that i waste hella time in the shower but i think i'm just gonna take a shower tho bc i want to feel clean	18
dear other content loaners - tell me about yourself :) i'm a loaner, as well - my visions for my future never involved other people, which made me realize i was a little different when i started talking to people who "couldn't wait to be a father" or lived with a significant other. my dreams always involved a cozy cabin in the woods with lots of pillows, a home full of musical instruments and my other hobbies, and maybe a doglette. but because i tend to stay away from most social interaction, i don't have anyone to tell these dreams to (and the people in my life probably wouldn't understand - they're not like me.) tell me about your hopes, dreams, and what you see for yourself in your future	6
fuck the kid who told me cum tastes like fish mucus... cause today i was eating spaghetti with mushrooms... it was a little bit slimy and all i could think of was that... so thanks bruh	16
wtf just saw a reddit post & this person lives a few blocks away from me they're active on this sub too i wonder if i've ever seen them doe	5
teenagers, virgins, absolute chads, lend me your hears u/childofgoose2 is officially the first president of r/teenagers this is also an official fuck you to the mods ^(jk jk)	16
crazy how one's life could end in a second i've seen too many car crashes.. the first one was when i was driving back from college. it had already happened but the the car was still there flipped and leaking out was a red fluid from the drivers side of the car. there was a huge puddle of the thing and i don't think cars have red fluids.. if it was blood the driver definitely died there the other one i saw it happen.. a couple min ago i was driving back from the gym and was on the freeway. this van and older sports car were racing. the van was about to crash into a car in the fast lane so he tried going around it by going out of the lane into the shoulder but i guess he was going too fast and hit the wall. he bounced back, went up, flipped, touched the ground smashing one side of the car, and flipped again. landed on the side. car parts everywhere, shattered glass spread all over the freeway. everyone stopped and yeah... that was something..	7
i bought my boyfriend the new call of duty game as a girl who grew up with 1 sister i've never known anything about games or gaming (apart from the nintendo wii and ds) and i knew call of duty was popular but didn't understand the extent of how popular it was. fast forward to my 1 year anniversary with my boyfriend and i thought it would be a nice present to buy him the new call of duty game that game out a few days ago. he absolutely loves it i think i just accidentally dumped myself for a game! i now know what to do for presents in the future. please surprise release gta 6 in time for christmas i'd get so many girlfriend points	1
everybody hates me	4
ok hear me out... daddy milkers -ron, the almighty rat king	5
i (31f) don't know if i should "loan" money to my irresponsible (22f) friend backstory first. we're coworkers (i'm actually one of her bosses) but pretty close friends as well. we hang out, we go out to breakfast, send each other goofy messages, she's watched my kids, we share juicy gossip, and she gropes my ass and boobs from time to time . i could do without the last part, but i don't want to hurt her feelings and tell her i'm not attracted to her in that way. anywho, a couple months ago she and another coworker tried to get me fired. she claims she was cornered into making a statement against me, so she did. i'm not going to reveal details because this isn't a throwaway and i still have nightmares over it. i could have lost my job, my livelihood, the source of income for me and my rather large family. i was devastated and felt so betrayed. i got written up to the worst severity, but my job is still intact at this point in time. and guess what?? i forgave her and the other coworker. i really don't/can't hold grudges. it isn't in my blood to be that kind of toxic person, but obviously now i'm apprehensive of our friendship and kinda distrustful. fast forward to this week, a mere four weeks after the investigation at work was closed. my friend has the audacity to ask for help with a speeding ticket fine somewhere in the ballpark of $150. she dropped major hints and then finally outright asked me last night. coming from the woman who pays for her drinks at the bar, her lunches at work, sometimes her nails and makeup she knows this is petty cash to me. but should i be giving petty cash to a petty person? ohhh and i gave her $100 just because i could tell she was struggling like 2 months ago. i mean i love her and feel bad for her, but this feels wrong. plus, she was fucking speeding like over 30 mph over the speed limit. soooooo. idk what should i do? tl;dr my friend tried or at least aided in almost getting me fired. now she wants money for a speeding ticket and i don't know how to say no.	1
horny 4 one individual i just wanna kiss her and hug her and fuck the shit out of her and tell her i love her	2
what is wrong with me. i closed reddit 15 seconds ago only to open it back up again because i felt bored. and the thing is is that i could be sleeping rn since it's so late rather than doing reddit smh .	2
anyone still writes postcards? i still do, and i love them, both receiving and sending them out. i backpack quite frequently and make friends along the way. those i vibe well with, i always suggest writing postcards. a little old school, but really neat way of keeping in touch. feels much more personal than a text. it's a little surprise you never expect, and it completely makes my day when i open my mailbox in the morning! i imagine it brightens their day when they receive it too, so i write the customary one everytime i hit a new country	8
17m looking to make friends n chat, ask person questions to get to know each other dm me and let's talk together	8
i want a masters degree, leaning towards a mba. to those who have their masters any advice? hello internet friends! as i stated above i'm interested in getting a masters degree. i aspire to be a director or even better a vp one day. i work for a telecommunications company and i'm passionate about technology and product marketing. the common theme i tend to see in this industry is the directors, vp's etc have masters degrees - most of them a mba. i graduated with a bachelors degree is public relations and advertising. since i specialized for my undergrad on more of a creative side i'm afraid they won't take me seriously on the business side. i graduated college two years ago, work full time as an account manager in marketing. i was always told to get my feet wet before deciding for sure if i wanted my masters. i'm 24 with no kids so probably now would be the best time. but is it really worth more student debt? i have a million thoughts running through my head right now and any advice is appreciated. thanks	3
what are some of your favorite simple yet enjoyable experiences? mine are taking a midnight drive with the windows cracked so i can smell the pines, as well as visiting the outdoor flea market and browsing dusty antiques in the sunshine. i would love to hear yours.	6
how is my post about cute boys still blowing up lol <url> it was legit just a shitpost where i was thinking about cute boys who are so interested in their pc gaming stuff that it's cute when they talk about it. then there's like 700 of the same comment like "babe i know cpus and ram " or some shit like that lmaoo. also like none of them know i'm gay.	17
i'm not dead.. or are you... because "i'm not dead" is exactly what a dead person would say	11
im trying a new thing i've always had the same types of apples so i've decided to try as many types of apples i can to try and find the best apple. so far i have no idea where i can find a large apple selection so far i'm only four different types in and i didnt realize how many types of apples there are!	1
day one: new hope from today i am gonna be new me i will try my best	6
people so fake they don't pee on me when they see me but when my dog see me he excited pee all over me :-)	2
im playing with myself because i have no friends who want to play video games with me	2
does anyone want my uterus please i will send it to you free of charge, just take it it's so useless i don't even want kids	4
who tryna hop on some striking vipers x	17
i would very much like a boyfriend i'm just a lonely gay boy who wants a boyfriend i can love and cuddle edit: i'm single and ready to mingle lol	2
i seriously/ honestly hate so much admitting this i hate myself so much for feeling this way but i can't help it and i hate even more admitting that i feel this way. okay so, from the beginning i knew i was different. i grew up isolated from society. one of my parents heavily abused me mentally, physically, and emotionally. while the other parent stood there and watched this happen while never lifting a finger to stop it. i literally pleaded and begged him to help me and stop the abuse but he never did anything. i grew up severely depressed. i have had depression for more than half of my life. somewhere along the way i developed extreme social anxiety to the point of developing selective mutism. i got through life without self harming or trying to kill myself by learning to be alone. i never once wanted a friend or someone to talk to. i was my own parent, my own therapist, my own friend etc. i never needed anyone. i also had a very positive mindset which both kinda were 50/50 responsible for me making it through. fast forward to when i was 18. when i was 18 i had this "episode" where my depression, social anxiety, selective mutism, all disappeared out of the blue. a week passed by and i felt incredible. i waited and waited, i thought it was all just my body playing pranks on me but nope. the episode without my mental issues lasted more than 3/4th of the year. i got so much done and achieved so much more. a few months after it all went to shit. i got everything back and i was where i was before but worse. i had lost every coping mechanism i had acquired. especially the being independent one. after this happened i found myself being "lonely" and needed social interaction. i wanted to be around people 24/7. this is what i hate admitting. when one of the friends i acquired from that 3/4th of a month texts me and asks something like "what's up bro how are you?" i get a little too exited. i then tell myself "shut the fuck is he doesn't give a shit" like wtf? why couldn't i remain to be my everything? why do i get exited when people (act) like they care about me	7
i got a one-year gym subscription for free! i was in a meeting with people from anytime fitness earlier and they gave me a one-year free membership! i got so excited that i went to shop for some gym clothes! i have never went to a gym in my 26yrs of existence and now i feel like im so ready for it. should be a good start to the year	6
that moment when you get a 6/30 for your math midterm and it weighs 4x the grade of a regular class	0
i really want to experience online dating! i wish i could experience how it feels like :) i have been through a real relationship (*cough* recently broke up *cough* )... since i was 16 for 2 years... tinder will never give me results (idk why)! share your experiences if you had any	6
i just wanna look like draculaura from monster high might umm invest in some pink hair dye id get expelled from school but it's worth it	5
while trying to hide a nude... tifu while i was texting my husband slightly intoxicated, in a bar, next to his mom... i was previously texting him about something funny, shared it with my mil and she suggested i add a gif. i thought that was a fantastic idea, in my slightly drunken state, so i click on the keyboard and then to what is usually the "emoji" symbol where all the gifs usually are... but, in my drunken stupor, i click on the "add image" icon next to the emoji icon.. and the first picture is my nude, that i was waiting for send my husband once he got off of work, in all its glory!!! so, i quickly try to hide the image and face my phone away from my mil and inturn face it towards her neighbor!! and he sees it!! and says "yeah??? trying to show an old man something???" and i respond with " no... no no... i didn't mean to... i was trying to send a gif..." and he responds with " well that certainly is a gift!! " and nudges me. and i just want to die, at this point! he quickly tries to make me feel better and says i certainly fit right in with everyone, as he is best friendz with mil and neighbors. so, i laugh it off... i quickly tell my husband what happened, and he proceeds to make fun of me and reassure me at the same time. a few moments pass and then the gentleman's wife comes into the bar... who has breast cancer!... and i can't even look her in the eye because i'm straight mortified of what happened earlier and don't know how to even say that... so we just pretend like nothing happened and i drink more to try to get rid of the feeling that came with accidentally subjecting someone to my private nudes for my husband. needless to say i am mortified!!! tl;dr: got buzzed in a bar, tried to send my husband a gif, in turn accidentally brought up a nude and while trying to hid it showed my mil's male neighbor who's wife is in chemo for breast cancer. currently hiding forever until mil wedding in a few days	9
i'm an [19m] attractive guy that can't land a date. what am i doing wrong? almost 20 years old here. i'm sorry in advance if parts of this come off as a brag/flex but i promise it's reallllly not like that! i'm being humble and outright saying i'm not getting any dates so there's no reason to see it like that. i take it i'm quite good looking because of the level of comments i get i don't think i'd receive if i was just somewhat above average. at my part-time job, every female co-worker there has made some kind of comment on my looks at some point. here are just a few recent examples: an older one told me "you seem like such a lovely guy, when you settle down your wife is going to be so happy to have you. *when* you do, that is--i'm sure you're going to be getting heaps more girls in the meantime!". after i'd started college and been at college for a few weeks another said "i'm sure you've got a girlfriend now, right? you should've picked one up from there by now easy!". even another *guy* my age working there said something. he overheard a coworker call me "pretty" and said "tbh, you're a good looking guy. i bet you'd 'pull' like crazy here. get on tinder!" all that's important to include just so you can have a sense that i'm not crazy and imagining things. earlier this year i managed to sleep with two girls pretty easily, so i figure i can't be goofing up too horribly. but now it's super hard finding anyone. i've probably asked about six girls from college classes out recently and have gotten nowhere. hell, even on tinder, a hookup app, i've had 15 matches so far and haven't met *one* of them. i'm respectful, not creepy or over-eager so i can't see where i'm going wrong. i'm not obnoxious or full of myself talking to people either. i know this was a fairly long write-up so thanks for taking the time to read. i'd really appreciate any insight or thoughts you might have. thanks. tl;dr: get many comments/interactions that lead me to believe i'm a very good looking guy. still can't get dates though . can't figure out why?	7
aaaaaaaa my semester results are out i don't wanna check them yet, idk but i feel soo fucking anxious rn i don't wanna spoil my mood and ruin my holidays but i think i did fairly well so idfk i need a distraction aaaaaaa	15
tifu: went on my boyfriends phone... me and my boyfriend have been dating for over 2 years now... i'm not gonna get all sappy but the point is i love him with all i've got. and well at 6:55 i fucked up by looking on his phone.. found a lot of shit i didn't want to see.. i fucked up because well a) i feel shitty that i went and looked at his phone and b) made myself hurt... i'm laying beside him right now and he's talking in his sleep, being all cute... but i feel so disgusted... i don't even know what to do...	4
my computer broke a week or so ago and i lost a good bit of the content for a fanfic that i've been working on i have some stuff that i've been working on from my ipad but there was something faulty with my laptop's hardware and i didn't back it up on to google drive or anything. so i'll be working on that this weekend. i'm not usually a creative person, but i just finished the mass effect ot not too long ago for a while and felt compelled to write something of what i believe to be the "true" ending.	4
i [22m] am not sure if she [22f] is telling the truth or looking for an attention we are friends (known her for 7 months) and here is the background. she was on a vacation with her boyfriend on a beach when this thing happened. i chat her a random message just like what normal friends do (it was before noon time). she replied around 6:50pm+ on my random message and her next messages caught my attention. here is the breakdown: this was before 7pm message her: fuck her: hehe her: i feel like tipsy now hahaha around 7:25pm when i did not reply to her message because i have not seen it yet, she said this her: joke i am not sure if its tipsy, its much more worse then i replied around 8+ me: hahaha me: its ok [her name]! are you still able to function for the rest of the day she replied at 8:45pm her: hahahaha. n0 her: good night me: good night i mean, i am not sure if she is telling the truth or just looking for a attention. i mean, its still 8:45pm and you are on a vacation, who sleeps early by that time? because most of the time, i give her my attention and she knows that when she seeks attention from me, i will give it to her. i am not sure if something happened by that time between her and her boyfriend thoughts? tldr: i am not sure if she is telling the truth based on the chat message or looking for an attention. after i gave the attention, she ended on the conversation	1
help btw, i am a 15m. hi, so there is this girl i am intensely in love with. i am always thinking about her, and when i do, i smile. everything she does makes her even cuter. i would die for her, but she doesn't know that. she did like me before, but i rejected her. want to know why? i'll tell you soon. (i regret it so much ). so, now seeing her, i get jealous when she is talking to boys. i just want to hold her in my arms and protect her. but the thing is, i rejected her because... i stutter (mild - moderate) i didn't want her to have to suffer with me for her life because of my stuttering. i don't want her to suffer to my disfluency. i didn't want our kids to stutter and ruin their lives even though the world is bad enough as it is. i can't even talk to her. i don't have any friends, and if i do talk to her i will just block the entire time lol. god i love her. i would die for her. can't tell her that because she will think i am a creep. one time i stared at her, but then she saw. i think she got creeped out. if i rarely do get the chance to talk to her, i'm going to tell her that i stutter. what do i do if i'm so shy? how do i get her attention? why do i stutter why by the way, i know the love isn't an infatuation. tl;dr: i love her, but she doesn't know. i also have a mild - moderate stutter which is keeping me back, and also shyness. help?	14
i got a girlfriend yesterday. this girl that i've liked for a bit just confessed to me that she likes me. if you go through my recent post history you will see my asking this sub for help on what to do and you guys where a huge help. basically she said that if i confessed who i like she will say who she likes. this is over facetime. i tell her i like her and she doesn't say who she likes instead, she says an inside joke about who she likes. i get pissed and hang up. then i get a message saying that she was kidding and that she does like me. i was over the moon. i called her right back and we start talking about it. that message saying i liked her was the hardest message i have ever sent but i am so glad i did it. all it said was "you lmfao" and it took me like 5 minutes to send. i eventually thought fuck it and sent it. i am so glad that what happened, happened and thank you all for helping	3
is he actually into me? or is it just a coincidence? fyi i am 21 years old and this post is long ok so let me tell you! i work at a popular retail store and a coworker of mine i found really cute. all my fellow girl coworkers thought so too but i wasn't like omg i want him i just was like wow he's cute and moved about my work. he was technically higher up then me and i knew it's a no no to associate with higher ups like that so i didn't give it much thought about me and him. we had some small conversation but because we worked different departments (technically ) we didn't have much time to talk. but i always got this slight vibe he was flirting a little when we had our conversations. i remember him complimenting me a few times as well. anyway, he told me he was leaving the store to go to a different one and i was kinda like /: aw man /: but again i was like well whatever nothing really was going on between us anyway lol so he asked me if i worked on his last day and i did so he said ok i'll say bye to you then! so the day came and i was planning on asking for his number or giving him mine but all i could muster up to say was "well bye...forever...." while dumbly shaking his hand lmao anyway he left and about 2-3 months went by and i told my sister " the cute guy really left ughh" as a joke and even joked around with one of my coworkers about him being gone forever. one day my other coworker who worked closely with him pulled me aside and said do you remember *insert cute guys name* and i was like lol yea why? and he said well *insert coworkers name that i joked around with * told me you had a little thing for *cute guys name* and i was like she did what!! i was so embarrassing lmao but this coworker that i was talking to said well i told him about it and he told me to give you his number and i about to shit bricks i went bright red and was like no way!!! i was so happy and a bit weirded out how i was joking around being like "i let him get away/: haha" like bitch what anyway we texted and went on a date a week later after this conversation with my coworker. it went great lol he drove like an hr to come pick me up from my home even though i told him i'll meet him at the restaurant. he met my mom because she's a chismosa and wanted to say hi hahah he was a gentleman everything was good. he asked if i wanted to go to the movies and i agree because i didn't wanna go home. we bought the tickets and had to wait about 40 mins for the movie so we went to go sit in his car. we were just talking and he started came in for it and we started making out. when we broke away he said under his breath " wow that was good!" but i heard it lol then we went in to watch the movie and he was playing with my hand, holding it and rubbing it gently throughout the movie. the movie was terrible ( i don't recommend aqua man lmao) so we left a little before it ended. he drove me home and when we got to my house he came in to kiss again and i think he thought i pulled away or said no and so he was like "you don't want to?" and in my mind i was like "who said that??" lmao but i was like yeah! i do and we started making out again and he was really gripping me like he just wanted to pull me close but i was in the passenger seat and he was in the drivers so i kinda couldn't lol i felt his hand move down towards my ass but i think he realized that wasn't a good time to grab it because it a little too inappropriate for a first date andddd so that's that. in half of my dumb brain i'm like " he's probably not even that into me" but the other half of my brain is like "umm yes tf he is" so someone help!!	15
don't even think about hmu if your cock ain't the size of my 2019 toyota highlander i mean really tho like don't hmu smhhhhhh ************************************************	11
i wanted to post my first digital drawing but reddit won't let me ;-;	4
tfw you used up all of the good picrew formats like how am i supposed to get my gender euphoria fix now	15
husband of 12 years moved out. i'm 5 months pregnant. he (32m) and i (34f) started dating in high school. religious, saved sex for marriage, got married too young. but it ended up being pretty wonderful. we left the church, built a really close, fun and loving relationship, and in spring of this year both of us would have said we were rock solid. then this fucking summer happened. dog died, i had to quit a job i loved, a friend died, his work got stressful and overwhelming, he struggled with anxiety, depression and panic attacks. he developed a close friendship with a woman i dislike (platonic, not the issue) and self medicated with alcohol, vaping and oxy. 1 month ago. he quits his job. moves out (into the house of the woman i don't like). admits he has an issue with oxy. i'm 5 months pregnant. out of the blue (it seems to me) he says the issue is a lack of passion and intimacy in our marriage. a problem he thinks it's impossible to fix. he says this issue was the root problem that exacerbated all of the other issues (work, drugs, anxiety, friendship with woman i dislike). he wants everything to do with the baby, thinks i'm amazing and will be a great mom, but thinks we both will be happier separate than together. wtf. i don't want any of this. i don't want a coparent, i want my husband back. i still believe in us, and i believe he owes it to us to at least try to get therapy and fix our relationship before throwing in the towel. he is currently in therapy and weaning off drugs. i'm stuck in the upsidedown and don't know what to do. do i fight for the love and relationship that i believe in? or do i accept that we had a good run, accept his leaving and try to heal so i can focus on this baby and healing emotionally so i can be a coparent with him without bitterness. i know i can't force him to have emotions he doesn't or to work on something he doesn't believe in- but i also know that some couples make it through shit like this and are better/happier after it all. should i blame any of this on the drugs/stress/mental issues? if the lack of passion and romance is the underlying issue is that something we can work on/build? if the separation continues, should i let him come to the drs appointments/birth? he desperately wants to be there but i don't think it's ideal for my strength/sanity. ugh, ugh, ugh. any advice would be greatly appreciated ///// tl;dr we've been together 16 years. i'm 5 months into a planned pregnancy, and he left me after a rough summer (work stress, mental issues, self medicating) citing "lack of passion" in our marriage. wtf do i do now.	3
my dog tried to lick me in my face, so i hissed at her and she ran away	0
i want a girlfriend who goes to the gym with me i love when she workouts with me and spends time with me at the gym oh i forgot i don't have a gf :(	5
i robbed a bank in my dream and i think my dream boyfriend got arrested so, i had a dream last night where me and three other people (that i don't know in real time) went to a mall that had a bank section in it. i don't remember it all, but i think one guy, i think his name was liam killed someone, but i didn't see it, and me and my dream boyfriend rafi aka rafael robbed the bank while the other girl that was there did something else. when we all go out, we went to a grocery section to ac natural and the guy at the checkout was talking to rafi about me, and the only thing i heard the cashier say was "but they way you talk about her, i think you should make her your girlfriend or your wife" (assuming that we were already dating, but we weren't yet.) afterwards rafi wanted to deposit the money that we just stole, but since he was one of the main people on the security video, i told him that we should probably leave. he had a black mask on (like the regular masks we're wearing today) and held up a book to hide his face as we walked past a few officers. i kept reassuring him and telling him to act natural by pushing the book down and smiling and glancing over his shoulder to "read" it. once we were out the door, the whole gang ran, but we pretended that we were racing but laughing, and while i ran for some reason i looked at one of the cops, but he just smiled, and i knew we weren't suspects. we ran around the corner and there was this sewer hole, and liam and the other girl jumped in. i thought i would be too thick to fit, but a jump down and the opening closed. we ran all the way down and found out secret hideout, (but i don't think it was the actual sewer it was just an underground area, because it didn't smell like sewage) and i told liam he should probably change the way to open the door, because it literally said "open brown door" on the front, but he ignored me. we walked in, but then from a different point of view, i dare a blonde girl wearing a doctor's coat looking inside our bunker, watching us. fast forward, liam did some sort of ritual with the guy he killer's ashes, and somehow got powers. after it was done i saw the blonde girl had ran away, because i could see her shoes running from the window, period and liam catches her, brung her back, and choked her, and position started to run through her. me and the other girl had our hands up, because our hands were covered with some substance from liam's ritual. i started to get scared how liam had because so quick to almost murder someone else. so when he stopped, i called the other girl to talk to her on the second floor. i told her i was scared for us because rafi was probably caught and in jail and we were supposed to be together, and liam almost murdered another person, but before i could finish liam called me down to speak to me. that's when i was getting ready to wake up and all i know is that the blonde girl was a dr but like rouge i guess. i just hope that rafael is okay, because i miss him and don't even know him. :_(	2
getting paranoid with background fbi background checking im a soon to be nurse and i applied in board of nursing and they did a background check on me and here's the problem way back couple of months i got paranoid that maybe they can trace my info or get it from the dispensary that i bought weed too do, dispensaries share information like that i even read their privacy policy idk im just paranoid and with the what ifs. i need help pls. are they even reading this right now too?	9
holy shit i have a girlfriend now!!! holy fucking shit. i actually can't believe this. i went on a date with my crush yesterday and we kissed... after the date i asked if she would be my girlfriend and she said yes!! i haven't felt true happiness in so long, i actually forgot what it felt like and it feels so weird but it's amazing :) i genuinely love life for the first time in so many years :) my life is finally turning around. i'm crying right now i just can't believe this is all real i love you all	3
always the same words native english and always was a stronger class in school. anytime i have to write the word 'separately' out for work i can't remember how to spell it, it's driving me insane. i say it like a pirate to try and help me remember, kind of like singing b-ana-na-s or repeating the elevator scene for beautifulllll. but this dang word just isn't clicking. who else has to teach themselves spelling every single time they use a word?	15
i graduated as an rn! yesterday ! it still doesn't feel real	4
penises be like: boinngg they're so fucking amazing to just look at	5
this sub right now: post title: i just had sex!!! text: not really, but have you heard of (insert popular song/ show/ desert item)? haha jk lols, rolf xd xd xd you thought i had intercourse with a female but i engaged in somthing normal teenagerz likely do on a daily basis. finishing touch: later virgins	0
aggressively repost <url>	5
music industry convo! hey everyone, i'm doing an entrepreneurship project about music industry professionals' experiences. i just want to get a sense of how everyone's navigating the industry or if there are recurring challenges that many have faced if you're interested, feel free to pm or just chat in the comments	6
who wants to buy my gamer girl pee	5
look at my cool flair. it's custom built	0
what show made you genuinely sad once a favorite character left? the office had me wrecked once it finally hit me that michael left and wasn't coming back.	4
what's your biggest secret? on my lunch at work and would love to hear everyone's dirty little secrets	8
i can't be the only one sick of this snow it's been on and off for like 2 months now and honestly i'm so over it	11
i want to write you a song / one that's beautiful as you are sweet / with just a hint of pain / for the feeling that i get when you are gone / i want to write you a song if you can finish these lyrics ily	16
what if i asked you out as a joke ofc ...unless	5
if ur a boy w long blonde hair break my heart pls it's already broken but break it some more? haha	3
r/liltink is a thing now r/tinkerbell2678 was taken cuz a pedo made a sub about me lol r/liltink tho flairs and tags tho ffs	0
i'm literally about to have an emotional outburst in the mall everyone is so cute while i'm built like a rotisserie chicken	7
batman vs black panther, who would win and why is it batman	17
anyone bored wanna chat? i'd even talk about being 4'8 and 19	1
i cant shitpost back to commenting ig	2
i hate emily in paris ew anyways im gonna go outside of my comfort zone and call my old friend tmrw hopefully its not horribly awkward god 6th grade me was so much cooler than i am now manifesting that personality back u feel	6
a day in turkey every 6 may, here in turkey, people believe that god will make their wishes come true. so, they write their wishes and generally they hang them in a pocket to a tree. or just put next to themselves. even i don't believe in any kind of these days & a creator , i did it for fun and wrote what i want to be come true. it is 8 wishes in total and all are long things. so let's see if it's gonna happen or not	6
i (19m) told my best friend (22f) how i really feel about her. do you think i went about it the right way? i've been friends with this girl (hereby referred to as y) for about 6 months now. i met her through another girl i matched with on tinder (hereby referred to as h) . we used to hang out together as friends all the time. eventually i developed some pretty intense feelings for y, but the issue was with a guy she'd been dating for over 3 years. because of that i never thought about the crush that much because i didn't want to risk anything with her current relationship and figured it was probably best to just leave it. we all planned to go on a big trip to an anime convention together but h backed out because of some personal stuff. so that left y and i going on a 12 hour drive with just the two of us (and my mother as driver, lmao). spending all the time with her 1 on 1 made me realize how bad i'd let my crush get. on friday we met y's boyfriend for the first time. they've been in an long distance relationship for the last 3 years and have never met in person. seeing them together killed me so i realized that i had to tell her about my feelings for her. i planned to do it in person and i planned on making it explicitly clear i don't want her to treat me differently at all because of it and i wouldn't treat her differently either. y was moving in with the aforementioned boyfriend after they left on saturday so i figured if it made things awkward then it would only be temporary and by the time we saw each other again we'd just be normal. i didn't end up getting to tell her in person. y left with her boyfriend and his friends a lot sooner than expected. i told her i wanted to talk to her about something if we could find a private place before we left but it just didn't work out. since i already kinda hyped it up by telling her i wanted to talk it was too late to back out, so i told her over text. i told her i saw her as my best friend and i was really happy she was happy moving in with her boyfriend but i just had to get something off my chest. i told her i had feelings for her, that i didn't want this to make things weird, and that i really just needed to tell her because it was eating away at me. i sent a 4 or 5 paragraph long message explaining that even though it's a pretty big crush i wasn't expecting her to even acknowledge it or even reply if she didn't want to, and that i just needed to tell her now or never. she responded saying she had a feeling. h had told her a few times she thought i was crushing on y because of how i acted when we all hung out together but i never thought i was being that obvious! she also said she was very flattered and that she's going to miss me and h a lot too and she'll come visit us around the holidays. i never did get the closure i wanted. i wanted her to either say she liked me or she didn't, but in retrospect it was ridiculous to think she'd say either way. she couldn't really say she had feelings being in a relationship and all, so i was hoping she at least said she didn't feel the same at all so i could just drop it. despite me being a little disappointed with her response i'm so happy i managed to tell her and get it off my chest and i'm really happy she isn't weirded out by it at all and she still sees me as her best friend. this is the first time i've ever been honest with my feelings to somebody i know in real life because i'm terrible afraid of rejection so this is a pretty big deal for me! of course i'm a little sad she didn't say she liked me back, but that would've been completely uncalled for and i shouldn't have even been considering that as a possibility. i still feel much better now than i did bottling it all in. i hope this motivates those of you in similar situations to tell your friend how you feel! it probably won't be as bad as you imagine it will be tl;dr: told my best friend that i have a big crush on her despite her having a boyfriend and she took it surprisingly well.	6
anybody wanna voice call on discord? if you're interested , i'm 17m , dm me # #	6
what if you and me... just inhale and exhale air	5
trying to catch a bag thief this happened a few years ago. i used to work in a bookmakers in london. we had a visit from the local police saying that a bag thief was operating in the area, and could we keep an eye out for anyone behaving suspiciously. everyone in a bookies is behaving a little odd, but ok!! anyway, one night i was in the shop alone, no customers, my boss had left to grab some dinner. this guy came into the shop, went straight into the loos, came out maybe 2 minutes later, and left. i can't say what made me be suspicious of him, but after he left i went into the toilet to have a look around. in one of the cubicles the ceiling panel was out of place. i stood on the toilet bowl to look inside the ceiling void, but wasn't tall enough to really see. to get a better view, i place my foot on top of wall hung cistern; finally i could see up into void! for the briefest of moments i had a clear view of the space.... the next thing i know, i'm lying in a heap on the floor in about 2 inches of quickly rising water. i had managed to rip the cistern off the wall, pulling all the pipe work out of the wall and busting them open. on my way down i had smashed into the bowl, breaking it in half. the ruptured pipes were showering me and the room with water. i had also managed to pull a good amount of the wall behind me down, and half the ceiling. debris, porcelain, water and handbags littered the floor. he had been using the void to stash empty bags!! my boss arrived back into the shop to a shit load of water, and a very dazed me, desperately trying to turn the water off. they had to close the shop for the best part of a week, and i caused over ps7k worth of damage, as well as significant financial losses. they didn't fire me thankfully!! the bags were useless in the police investigation	5
i skipped breakfast... and now i'm hungry [deleted]	14
helping a friend and losing access to my iphone. 4:00pm helping a friend lay a brick patio. just before cutting the last brick with a grinder, i remarked on how lucky i was not to have injured myself. ironically, i sliced my thumb immediately after my remark. ouch! i need a band aide. 5:00pm i leave to go to another appointment, my friend stays behind to clean up. 7:30pm friend calls asking if i can jump start his car because he left his lights on. i get to him by 8:00pm...it is now dark outside. i pop the hood of my jeep wrangler and place my iphone on the edge of the bonnet with the light on so that i can see my battery. 8:13 my friends car is started! cheers! he says he will by me a few beers next time we go out, i laugh and tell him he is lucky to have a friend like me. i proceed to shut my hood, twice...crunch crunch, oh no!!! my iphone is guillotined!!! 8:16 screen is crushed into so many pieces that there is no way to access with a password! thank god for fingerprint touch entry. wait a second...i have only registered my thumb, the very thumb that i sliced right down the center just a few hours ago. access denied! i need a band aide, a new phone, and a hug.	9
imagine a "come as you are" parody but it's called "cum in my ass." i'm a comedic genius apparently	0
work's xmas do so i've recently joined a new team about 3 months ago in a really strict profession. the shindig's about 20 miles away so i drive in, planning to stay sober and drive home. i get there and everyone's getting fairly mortal, the managers buying us new guys drinks and shots so i decide to drink and get a lift back home. having only had half a sandwich that day i black out after 5 or 6 drinks and some shockingly bad forced karaoke. next thing i know i'm hugging the toilet back home without a clue of who i am or how i got there. fast forward a few very rough hours and a colleague messages us asking why i poured a drink over someone's head. now i'm absolutely mortified, i can't even remember doing it, never mind why. it turns out i was squared up to this guy, poured my drink out and my manager had managed to get between us just in time to have his drink thrown on her. i don't expect to be keeping this job much longer to top it all off, i also drunkenly decided to deliver the classic smooth "you up" text to a colleague at 4am. then when i sobered up enough to collect my car, i'd won a parking ticket!	12
what are some touchy subjects in your country/area you live in? whenever i talk about not tipping or tipping a little amount americans, i always get such pure anger towards me. thats just because they need tips to survive over there but where i live they dont need tips as they get paid enough. so this just got me wondering what are other touchy subjects in other countries?	10
minecraft saved me and my brother minecraft (and stardew valley) have made me and my brother relationship with each other amazing before we were forced to share a room and despised each other but after a year we have learned to appreciate each other and even started a survival world.	0
chopping two of my fingertips off with a lawnmower *sigh* please be careful out there folks. check my other post out for a picture	3
update on being nervous about a guy coming over to watch movies! oh my gosh i got cuddles i am so insanely happy rn and he is so sweet and nice i can't	13
yesterday was my first behind the wheel lesson, and i've only driven for about half an hour before and my instructor said i did phenomenal for driving that little it was funny because the guy picked me up from school, and i went strait into the drivers seat then was like "just so you know, i've only driven for about half an hour or so" and we immediately switched seats we then went to a parking lot and he had me practice a bit there, then we drove around the neighborhood and then the highway! he said that i was phenomenal, i still have a lot to work on but for how little i've driven he was amazed	1
i think i might be too nice this isn't a brag or anything, cause really, it's probably not a good quality to have. i've been able to avoid crossing anyone my entire life, which is nice. looking in from the outside, drama looks so overwhelming and exhausting. so everyone likes me, at least in that they don't have any grievances with me. that's been nice. and if you can somehow get there, i'd really suggest it. but i was only able to do it because i won the biggest pushover award for the years 1999-2018. i was basically a chameleon, just blending in to whoever i was around. i'm lucky i didn't hang with people who did bad stuff, cause i might've gone along with that. i was talking with my therapist this past week, and i told her about that, and she set up a situation for me where she was kicking my leg and i had to ask her to stop cause it was bothering me. she even told me what to say. nothing mean or confrontational, but i couldn't bring myself to do it, even then, with someone who wouldn't judge me and in a set up situation. i'm trying to change though. i always get roped into things i don't wanna do, but i don't wanna make the other party mad or anything, so i go along, to the detriment of my enjoyment. so yea, trying to chan. it's hard, but i'm hoping i get there. this isn't a rant or anything lol, so i don't think it's against the rules. guess we'll see lol -\_(tsu)_/ - are there any other ways you lovely people have to improve your life? if not, then how are ya doing today?	6
i [22m] direct messaged for the first time and got blocked hi so i saw this lovely lady on bumble, then i added her on instagram because it was in her bio. i thought she was incredible like exactly my type. haven't had no luck on bumble, getting messages from women who aren't really my type. so i thought i'd take matters into my own hands hahaha so yes added her then directed messaged her just saying that saw you on bumble just wanted to say you have a incredible instagram page. would you like to go for dinner sometime? and she blocked me! problem being i didn't say it so straight forward it was a bit of long winded message now that i think about it. i also tried a bit of joke, not sure if it went down well, clearly not how shall i approach this next time, shall i be more straight. i mean being blocked is a bit harsh when i didn't say anything vulgar or was a gent and asked her out for dinner. she could of easily said no. i have a lovely instagram page also, travel a lot and i don't think i look too bad. so i'm thinking did i come across creepish perhaps am i the issue here or was she just a bit up tight. yes, so if i were to dm a lady again how should i go about it. tl;dr i got blocked by the first woman i direct messaged on instagram.	1
if you are reading this... know that i am sending out all the extra love and serenity i can find to you all. life hasn't been fair with us but we will survive. i will not be broken by this. try and take care of yourselves and so will i.	3
stop. being. so. fucking. nice. or i'll fall in love with u	2
keeping my friend circle closer than before. this past year has been a roller coaster for me. ups and it seemed like a lot of downs. but the thing i did notice the most this past year was my friend group changed. i met a ton of awesome people this past year and at the same time i lost contact with a lot more. i worked a job that required me to help people and i met a ton of awesome people who i would talk to daily. but once i quit my job and decided to move on. i noticed all these people were just using me. the ones that kept me around at first, tried to use me later on in the year and when i would say no, they would simply block me. this hurt so much at first because it made me feel so alone. but the more it happened the more it made me not care. on the other hand, i went out and decide to expand my group of friends on my own. i met some awesome people both from reddit and other places. i cared about these people because i actually went out and tried. i do realize that i may have acted wrong or said the wrong thing to some people. and with these people, i wish i had the chance to apologize. i was trying to figure out myself during these times and how to be a good person. and others, just decided i wasn't worth their time. but a few decided to stick around and these people have been amazing and i love each and everyone of them. but all this made me realize that for the upcoming year, i'm going to only focus my time on those who want it. and cut ties with those that don't. i'm also going to improve myself and be happy with who i am. with a lot of hardship, i really feel like good things will come from it. so i'm so excited for next year	6
national lockdown.2???! bojo u are embarrassing yourself. seriously, apparently students scare the virus away or sumn kmt	8
had a wet nightmare the other day and i'm bored	7
i'm not like other boys i send girls dank memes instead of "wyd"	0
today is my 18th birthday! you know what that means... i can be charged for my war crimes.	0
do y'all ever just not have the motivation to keep up with daily hygiene haha	9
ok why are my friends these days just cold towards me or just ignore me like bro what did i even do ;-;	2
anyone want to talk about their sos? finally found the right guy and it feels amazing sometimes you're just with someone you love so much you just wanna scream it to the world, you can gush all you want here! honestly in my case i'm so thankful for my boyfriend's existence. my mental illnesses had me feeling like i'd never be loved most of last year, and i guess you could call me a little weird (i'm autistic haha) but he makes me feel so loved and confident in myself, quirks and all! he's extremely supportive and does his best to understand which i always appreciate, he makes me laugh a looot, spending time with him has my heart doing backflips from being so overwhelmingly happy and he just makes it so obvious he really cares about me. i've found someone to be a total nerd with and i love it so much! sometimes it just feels like my heart will explode, but i really don't mind :') anyone else just wanna ramble about their someone? it feels so nice to be able to just say it all	6
i'm 0.80cm off from being 5'10	14
why do you hate me	4
chick fil a acts like jesus came down and made them close on sundays wtf	7
am i (44f, disabled) being too hard on dh (44m disabled) okay, i'm willing to take whatever criticism or advice is given to me at this point, because something needs to change. my viewpoint is dh is being selfish and a whiner. he was almost cut in half due to a motor vehicle accident about 5 years ago. he's always been a suck about if his toes get stepped on etc, it's a big whiny drama. yet he leaves his feet sticking out in walkways because he's too fat to sit with his legs together. he has always been large, but now he is humongous. seriously, i can't reach around him at all. as in a good foot wide gap between my hands if i try. he has put on at least 100lbs in the last year by his own admission. this of course, doesn't help his associated health issues, especially sleep apnea. surprise, surprise, he also has recently hurt his knee. the kids and i do all the housework. i can't remember the last time he cleaned up anything more than giving the table a wipe. he did help unstuff our bathroom drain with the power snake. outside that, he doesn't even hang up his jacket, or put his shoes where people aren't tripping over them. he can walk. i use a wheelchair outside the house, and i work a little over half time as a teacher. i tried working full time last year, but frankly it meant things for the kids and the house were not getting done. so here we are, and i am starting to resent the hell out of him. i am emotionally and physically exhausted. he can, but won't go and shower himself because he can't get a brace back on after by himself, because of how fat he is. so picture over 300lbs man, maybe showers once a month. smells good doesn't it? and he wonders why we have no sex life let's see, i feel taken advantage of, neglected, and i am not attracted to him at his size. add in my joints spontaneously dislocate, my hip is always on the verge of coming out and i have no feeling in one of my legs because of herniated disks, and yeah, not an appealing thought. he's a master of paying lip service and saying pretty words with no action. his view point is i'm cold and overly critical. maybe. but i am so tired of him saying he'll do something, then literally months go by with it not getting done, and then somehow i'm the bad guy because i go and get it done and feel pissed off that yet again it's more on my already overflowing plate. what do i do now? and just so we're all clear, divorce or separation are not options.	11
do you ever just like burp	5
hey girl are you a date? cause you're as rare as 29/2	5
tfw the imposter is sus	5
bored. might fuck around and become racist. who knows. filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	7
whats one of thise cringy thoughts that keeps you up at night for me, its when i slipped on a mat in gym class during the fitness test, and everyone thought i couldnt do a pushup i slipped because i was too tall for the mat they made us do pushups on, so my hands were on the floor and my feet were on the mat, so it slid and i fell	0
minor things my parents do that annoying the shit out of me so i live at home still (what a loser, i know). my parents have been driving me absolutely crazy, i feel like the only adult in the house most of the time. -when their phone rings, they don't immediately hit the side button to silence it, they let that shit ring while their blind asses try to read who's calling -don't clean up after themselves -more specifically, don't rinse off their plates when they put them in the sink -my mom is terrible at shopping. she usually shops online and still buys the wrong shit like will buy stuff we already have and not stuff we need (when she can just walk to the kitchen) -make tons of noise and wake the other (or me) up. then i have to listen to them argue i'm sure i'll think of more but that's what was on my mind atm. what do your parents do that drives you crazy?	1
you know that feeling when you fail your driving test before you even get past the cone section ... and then the literal next day you take it again and get a 100. ...i don't know. but hey! i've got my license now! :) probably gonna drive to walmart by myself today (wow) and buy like some pots or something. or maybe goodwill has some good pots who knows. feeling good! was worth getting up at 5:15 in the morning to go to a city an hour away. appointments are so scarce in the summer i'm so surprised there was one the next day even that close (the one i failed was two hours away so that was a big rip).	0
dropping a medicine ball on my head this morning i went to my group workout. as part the planned workout designed by the coach, we each had to get into groups of four. one of the stations is called a burpee slam ball. you take a 30lb medicine ball and slam it into the ground as hard as you can. then you do a burpee which is like doing a push up and then jumping up from that pretty quickly. my partner had the great idea of modifying it so that instead of slamming the heavy ass ball, we should throw it as high as we can and try to do the burpee before the ball hits the ground. of course he makes it look so easy, so what the heck i'll do it. i throw it up, go to do the burpee and next thing i know my whole face is slammed into the mat. yes...i threw a 30lb weight above my head and it came directly down on the back of my head. but that's not all, oh no. the mat that we work out on has a texture to it. the pattern is like honeycomb or waffle like. so because of the 30lb+force of gravity my forehead now has a honey comb pattern stamped into it and probably won't go away for a few days. of course all my partners are losing their minds, and granted i would laugh too. may or may not have a concussion, but i feel ok. every dumbass meathead in my group is all like "suck it up waffle face" haha....good one guys	14
can somebody paypal me 15 for a new tech deck? mine broke	13
does anyone else feel like this or is this just some weird head canon only i have. am i the only one that feels as if 14 isn't a teen? like yeah duh it technically is but it doesn't have the **vibe** and no i don't mean that 14 is extremely young or are babies but i just feel so... out of place in this sub. yeah i relate to everything, i just feel like a whole ass fetus around these 17 year olds. i feel like when you turn 15 is like when you're an **official** teen. i hope most people get what i'm trying to say and don't think i'm crazy	2
went to the dentist today after having not gone in over a year... and the dentist said everything looked fantastic! no work needed to be done. my hygenist told me that she expected worse, as according to her most kids go off to college and trash their teeth by not brushing, drinking soda, etc etc. so people, do yourselves a favor: drink as little soda as possible. water is your friend. floss every night! don't forget to floss on *both* sides of your teeth. brush at least twice a day. get behind your teeth! i also use a tongue scraper every night for additional freshness. i highly recommend buying one. you only have one set of teeth, take care of them /psa	8
any teenagers in bermuda right now? i've been here for like a week and i leave tomorrow, but just imagine how epic it would be if another teenager was here	0
its 12 o'clock 12 o'clock gang rise up	0
when we make fun of kids for not knowing all the old stuff we grew up with, that's literally the equivalent of boomers doing the same to us. so next time you make fun of timmy for only knowing ninja, remember that you're a boomer	6
please someone choke me with their thighs crush my neck and make me regret it	15
are you cleopatra? if so, wanna get bitten by my snake?	17
i'll be able to post on here soon. yay. i will be thirteen on the 29th please give me a warm welcome	8
what's your favorite music genre(s)? i like rock, (pop) punk/emo, jazz, and classical... what about you? i wanna start exploring other genres, so recommend me some songs and ill rate it	0
i wanted to show you guys a picture of my spongebob squarepants t-shirt, but i can't get a picture right lol better luck next time	15
i hate romance. i fucking hate love and i hate dating. i wish i could stop seeing it everywhere. in movies, tv, and this sub just stop talking about your dumb crushes and gfs/bfs. it's so lame. i hate love	16
you're poggies <3	5
i try and do cardio, but my massive schlong slaps so hard against my legs while i run, it's really embarrassing filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	2
my bf asked for space to better our relationship and take care of ourselves - found him on tinder. hi all! first, i apologize in advance for formatting as i'm on mobile, and second, i can't believe i ever was going to be the one posting here. and still, here i am. i (29f) have been with my bf for about a year. we've been through a bit of a rough patch as we both suffer from depression and he has become more and more withdrawn over the last month or so. i'm talking isolating, sleeping odd hours, and just being generally irritable. he also saw my old tinder profile and freaked out thinking i was cheating (never ever would) so we decided perhaps some space would be good so i went to stay with my friend for what i thought would be a few days. he said this would be good for us and make us stronger, and that he would focus on taking care of himself and i could come back home once we had some space. it turned into a week or more, and he would say he needed space and then keep texting/calling. saying how much he loves me and he's sorry it's so rough for us. it's honestly been hell. last night, we kind of had a breaking point and i went over there. we talked and seemed like we worked things out. he was super apologetic and vulnerable and i was happy that it seemed like we were back on track. then we started to fool around. his phone was next to me face up. it's 3am at this point and i see his screen light up with a notification. it was tinder. of course i stopped and asked exactly what the fuck *that* was about and asked him to show me. he refused and then deleted the profile and the app. he profusely apologized and said he didn't know why he did it, that he was in a weird space and that he'd never actually cheat on me. i don't know what to do. i feel like my trust is broken but i *do* believe he didn't have sex with anyone.. this time around. i have bent over backwards with compromising and accommodating him. he has been a damn good man to me for the most part, so this is really out of character for him. i know i'm a good woman and i care so much, but i feel like he didn't even respect me as his partner and was just treating our relationship and me as a common random person that doesn't matter. idk if i want advice or just someone to tell me i'm gonna be okay. thanks for reading. tl;dr: boyfriend is depressed, asked for space to strengthen our relationship and emotionally cheated by logging on tinder and matching with people	3
in an indian bus right now.. i'm canadian and this is some wild shit. landed here two days ago and i'm currently taking a public bus from my hotel to tourist destinations and... this is all so crazy haha, the bus ticket collector never stops yelling, the sellers never stop boarding the bus and selling their stuff and the cars never stop beeping	4
i can not believe it. after 5 years of trying, im pregnant! i don't know what to say and i have so many thoughts! my husband and i have been trying for 5 years and every time i thought i was pregnant, i'd always look down at the test and see a negative. i was more heart broken for my husband than myself because i knew how bad he wanted another baby. so lately i've felt off and my best friend finally convinced me to buy and test, i take it, i look down expecting to see " not pregnant" but what do i see? pregnant! i immediately burst out in tears. i couldn't be more excited! i just had to share! thank you so much for reading	3
kach r/rule34	0
i'm watching a movie in the theater by myself for the first time. my friends and girlfriend are otherwise tied up with stuff, and no one showed any interest in watching sing with me. so i got myself a ticket and will be going to the movie theater after work! have you guys gone to movies, dinners or events by yourself? how did it go? edit: i'm the only person in the entire hall!!!	1
pepsi and coke are going bankrupt! i'm so happy	8
i (20sf) am questioning my fiance's (30sm) honesty and commitment to our relationship - he may have cheated... please help my fiance and i have a pretty solid relationship, or at least i thought we did. we've been together almost a year now but we've known each other for a long time. maybe we jumped into things too fast, i don't know. the first 6 months of our relationship were amazing and basically perfect, we rarely fought or disagreed and when we did disagree we were always able to talk/work through things in a respectful way that made me feel that we both truly valued our relationship. he's absolutely my best friend. in july of this year we moved in together and a week or so after we moved in together i found out that the girl he had been telling me was his best and oldest friend was also his fwb for months leading up to our relationship. i was pretty devastated. not because he had a past before me, that's fine, but because i thought we had an amazing, open, honest relationship and finding out that he'd been dishonest about his past with her made me feel kind of lied to. this shook us a lot, but we talked through it and we moved forward. he told me that he hadn't slept with her since we got together and hadn't seen her either and he told me that because of the nature of their relationship he was going to cut contact with her so i wouldn't feel uncomfortable. this was all in july/august. we got engaged earlier this month and i was absolutely thrilled to be marrying my best friend until this past weekend. he got a new phone and in the process of trying to help him back up his old phone and sync it with his new phone, i saw texts between the two of them. i shouldn't have looked as thoroughly as i did, i totally acknowledge and admit that. i discovered that even though he told me he was going to cut contact, he continued to text her in the days after that. he eventually did stop talking to her but wasn't totally honest about how quickly. i guess that's ok, they were friends for a long time and i get it. he made me out to be a total ass though, and allowed her to tell him what an "immature, insecure, jealous piece of shit" i was and he said nothing to defend me. i don't care what he's done, i would never let someone talk about him like that. he also did see and spend time with her in the time that we were dating, he was even hitting her up for sex in the first month of our relationship (before we were exclusive). when i tried to talk to him about this he acknowledges that he wasn't honest about his contact with her but insists that he "doesn't recall" ever seeing her all of the times that the texts say that they met up. i mean they explicitly say "hey, i'm stopping at (grocery store) need anything?" "no, i'm good thanks." "hey, i'm here :p" but he insists he doesn't remember hanging out with her. this is a man who literally remembers everything down to the exact date it happened. he can tell you the dates of every major and insignificant thing he's ever done in his life, but he doesn't remember if he saw her? i just can't believe it, and i can't help but think that if he's lying about seeing her, he probably slept with her again. reddit, i feel like i'm being a total ass, but right now i can't look at him the same way anymore. he is the sweetest person i know but would text her things like "i miss you " and "going over to angryblumpkin's place tonight, probs just gonna do dinner and fuck ;)" and make me out to be just a hookup when we were in a serious, committed (so i thought) relationship. i don't know who this person is but i can't help but think that if this is his oldest friend, his interactions with her are probably a better reflection of the kind of person he is. am i being totally crazy? i've been in some really terrible emotionally/physically abusive relationships in the past, i have trust issues and my sketchy gauge is all messed up. i'm struggling to figure out whether i'm being totally unreasonable or he is really being sketchy. it's worth mentioning that it doesn't look like he's had any contact with her since september of this year. tldr; boyfriend, now fiance, sent inappropriate/flirty texts to an old friend he used to sleep with while we were dating, potentially met up with her even though he told me they hadn't hung out since we started dating, and says he "doesn't recall" whether they ever met up. i feel like he's not the man i agreed to marry now, am i being crazy?	3
should i stay or should i go hey, first sorry for the format i am on mobile, and seconde i am not sure if its the right sub, if not please let me know where to post i have moved from london to athens 2 years ago, it was a feeling of i need to get out of here!! i found a job (customer service), a flat, friends and for the last two year it was not a dream job but it was enough...seriously compared to london it was enough to live and enjoy myself. now though, its not the same feeling as ' i need to get out of here asap' but more like, you had your time, but its the end of the road. i lost my job at the beggining of may, first time being fired!! it was weird because i felt relieved mostly but kinda pissed because i had booked my holiday for 2 weeks to go back to london. today after a conversation with my owner, about rent and buildings fees and contract renewal, she said well maybe its time for you to find something else.... im leaving in 2 days for london, it was only supposed to be for 2 weeks but now i am not sure, i feel like the universe is telling me " its time" i am going to miss my friends and this country, however its not like i am heart broken, i realise that if i stay i might never be able to put myself back together. i have some emotional issues that i need to deal with and i do not think that staying here will help. i mean being here helped when i needed a break but i feel like now its time to get back, face my responsibilities and my fears and be an adult....i'm already 30 but living the peter pan illusion. well not so much be an adult as being a whole mature human being.	6
2 dicks (guns) on me like i'm fuckin a nigga	16
best films you've never seen. probably. put up the best films that you think people haven't seen. (there's probably quite a few more i can think of) the valley of gwangi - 1969 something evil - 1979 the cook, the thief, his wife and he lover - 1989 sssssss - 1973 whitnail and i - 1987 q:the winged serpent (on youtube) - 1982 outrageous fortune - 1987	6
i'm curious, how much respect have i lost because of my previous post? probably never had any to begin with	10
commenting on my girlfriends employers post on facebook my girlfriend and her mother both work at a major retail store. recently, news broke that they would be closing a bunch of locations across the country. i really don't like this store. it's a running joke across both our families that i want to "shut the whole damn operation down" obviously this is a hyperbole. the store they worked at posted a status on facebook, confirming our local store will be staying open. my girlfriend was laying next to me, so i had her look over as i jokingly commented "damn, i was hoping it would go " she laughed and then we forgot about it. her mother went in to work this morning and was called into the office. apparently one of the employees recognized my name and knew my association with them. i couldn't get much details but apparently they're now "in trouble" with management for what i said on facebook. i heard this and was flabbergasted. i've now learned the family is blaming me for what i said, saying "you got them in trouble" i deleted the comments, but the managers printed them off. tldr: i commented something cheeky on a facebook post, possibly put 1/2 my gf family out of a job	4
tell me a fact and i'll try to guess if it's real or made up :) you have to tell me after i guess don't leave me hanging 🏼	18
me [30f] with my bf[34m] 11 months, maintains contact with ex (dated 4 years, broke up 2 yrs ago) i'm going to try to keep this as concise as possible and hopefully this doesn't turn into a ramble. i met my boyfriend off a dating site, we had no mutual friends however i get along with his, he gets on with mine. we've met each others family, and this has been the best relationship for the most part, at least for me. i dating a string of weirdos (read: secret drug addict, one guy who .. just didn't work. in fact, all of my exes have either been unemployed or severe addicts, some both). my boyfriend is the opposite of this and it actually started to feel like i've finally turned a new page. the one common theme, though, seems to be an ex that is still in their lives to varying degrees. i suspect at least two of my exes were cheating or at minimum were completely still in love with theirs - always mentioning them at the first chance or hint of relevance, one said he'd walk trough a wall for her (yikes). one told me that another girl had actually broken it off with him *because* she thought it was weird how much he brought his ex up. my first boyfriend (i was 19 at the time) the first 5 months he spent dodging her calls but also talked me out of going to party, and i later found out that it was because his ex was there via a picture his friend posted of them together so you can see where i'm going with this, i have trust issues and fully acknowledge that. that said, presently my bf and his ex talk once in a while. he won't clarify how much but says "not that often" whatever that means.. in the beginning he did the whole mentioning her whenever it was relevant until i had to ask him to stop, because it didn't really feel appropriate. i still can't seem to stop hearing about her or their relationship, though. if it's not his mom and him having a full conversation about events that happened years ago or their shared pet, it's his friend accidentally calling me by her name (three times in the same night, he was a bit drunk) or last month he planned to drive over to her place to get a suitcase, and a few weeks ago she told him she's leaving the country for a new opportunity which he thinks is crazy by the way) and she wants to know if he wants their old pet. sunday was 11 months, and thats when he let me know he's driving over this week to drop off her clothes/furniture she left at his house before her move. stuff he's kept for her for two years now i guess. i was pretty annoyed at this point and didn't say much the rest of the evening and this morning, which is not mature i appreciate, but i clam up when i feel that anxious and i'm not even sure if i should be feeling anything at all toward all this. what i'm most annoyed by is that i don't even think this is going to be a permanent move for her, either way he's likely going to continue to check up on her. she was also dealing with some depression and he says that's a main reason why he still checks up. so my question is, can anyone weigh in? is it reasonable to feel frustrated by this and ex.. is this normal post ltr behaviour? thanks for reading if you made it this far. tl;dr i don't even know, it doesn't feel like he's moved on from his ltr	11
my biggest flex currently in a relationship with the only boyfriend i've had that said i was attractive after seeing my face.	0
bruh what is there to do like im bjord af drugs and alcohol were already tryed and im out fr tho bord af	1
i just asked my first girl ever out on a date! just about 5 mins ago, my friend was organizing a group date and asked me to join, i have struggled with really (really) bad anxiety in the past but it happened so fast i didn't even have time to get scared. i was terrified of rejection but she said yes!!! early edit: later virgins	0
should i laugh or cry when my 3 years old asked if he should start working to pay for his preschool? ( i told him i cant afford to send you to school) how sad it is i was able to get everything when i was on public assistance but since i started working more i am paying $600 in insurance plus copays and my older son was able to go to headstart but my other child cant go because i am over income	15
making a playlist for unrequited love songs to ease the pain;~; pls send me any one sided love songs or breakup songs work too and i'll add them to my playlist<3 means a lot<333 [</3](<url>) i wish i was good enough. i wish he loved me back;-; sorry for all the angst. music has been such a good coping skill tho so i'd be very grateful for any one sided love songs you guys got and i'll add em to the playlist thank you guys	3
i kind of came out to a couple of coworkers and that made me feel lighter. i say 'kind of' because i don't really feel like labeling my sexuality. it's very hard for me to like someone, leave alone develop a crush. but i know that i'm not straight, and i have known for a while but i never felt like sharing it with anyone. however, i have had a crush with this girl from my work for around six months now, and it was getting really hard not having anyone/anywhere to gush about it. two colleagues and i have become very close this last year, and i actually felt at easy when i told them that i had a crush, and that it was a girl from the office. i loved their reactions because they just started to ask me the same questions and have the same conversation i know they would have if my crush had been with a guy. they made me feel like it was normal, didn't treat me any different (they are both girls), and i really appreciated it. shot out to everyone out there that's supporting of their lgbt+ friends	6
16m ama - my friend snatched my crush a few days ago as i was about to ask her out i'm straight too	0
girlfriend of a year and 2 months stayed over last night and as bad as it is i snopped at her phone last night and am really not happy with what i found. hey. so basically there's this guy from her work who she seems to talk to all of the time. or.used to. doesn't really seem like she's doing it much anymore but i know it's still happening. if you see my other posts (idk if you can innit very good at this) but you'll see questions about that and what have you. i've always disliked him. they would always talk, like we would be out for a meal and they'd have an on going conversation or whatever and that hurt me.but it was ok because he's "just a friend". fuck off is that ok. it got do bad to the point where she overtook me on snapchat "best friends list" which basically gives you an emoji when you reach the top of their best friends list. that in itself doesn't bother me it's the fact that to reach the top of their best friends list you would have to talk to that person, more than somebody else. that somebody else being me. it was basically proof to me that she chatted to a "friend from work" more than her actual boyfriend. thing is though. i know she wouldn't cheat. she is very loyal and i dont want answers telling me that she's cheating because frankly i know she's not i just feel enraged, angry, disrespected and lost. what i found: so in a chat with her and him i found a conversation. i'm gonna call him john just to make this easier. also i am reading from what pictures i took of her phone so don't have full conversations, only what upset me. her: "i mean you've got a bit of muscle now" john: "a bit " her: "haha i've got a boyfriend fammm. that's all you're getting" end of conversation. this is a screenshot of a sticker of her saying: "wowwww x welll you're an 8. would go higher but got -- then it cuts of there. i'm assuming it says "would go higher but got a boyfriend". him: "thought you had a bf" her: yhhh i have. hes a 10/10 better yet a 100. end of convo. which has made me very angry because she's always told me she doesn't find him attractive and he's kinda ugly. also, i found another piece but don't have a picture so can't write word for word but it was her asking for a rate which is unusual because why would it matter what he thinks about her? found a screenshot of a picture she had sent him and the picture wasn't bad or anything just what she had said. "naa <name> is pretty big and fit". literally a week ago we walked past him together and she said he looks like a rat to me so i'm very confused about that one. new convo. i'm hurt by this particular one aswell because it just seems nasty what she said about me. him: just give him some time he will come running back. her: i dont want him to. (she's never said anything like that to me and i feel that's horrible.) him: why? her: because i'm fed up ofthe same old bullshit him: wait you breaking up with him? her: i've tried that before (she has never ever ever tried to break up with me so that's a lie.) her: i've tried ending things before but he doesn't let me. her: sometimes i feel i deserve better and part of me wants to at certain times but i dont know endof conversation. there was another convo but frankly i cba to write a full transcript again but it was him saying her ass looks in leggings and then the next sentence is her talking about something else and saying i'm low-key ignoring you saying my ass looks good but thanks. sorry for making this so long i have nobody i can rant to and i'm just lost. i wanna bring it up but i know if i day ww3 will happen. she will make if all about herself and get mad at me for going on her phone. just a little note but i did.nothing else in her phone apart from look at their chat. please help.	11
moving in; how early is *too* early? hi all! i'm a 22 year old woman dating a 26 year old man, we've been together for close to a year. he is so amazing, the kindest man i have ever met, and i can see myself being with him for a long time. i have been wanting to ask him to move in with me for a while, but i keep wondering if it's too early or if i'll freak him out. we're both still young and everything is *fairly* new, neither of us have lived with a s/o, but i'm also so confident in our relationship. so, how early is *too* early? should i go for it? should i wait until we've been dating for a year? longer? tl;dr how early is too early to move in together? thanks	6
please blow up my notifications i wanna feel cool	0
i feel fake for being in this group and older than teenager age but being an adult is hard and i relate way more to this content lol	15
it finally happened :') <url> we got lucky and this is only month 6 of trying. but i never ever expected to see this, and how i would feel! it doesn't feel real. i feel like maybe both tests were somehow broken and idk. it doesn't feel like i could actually achieve the one thing i've wanted forever. and with the man i want to be with forever no less! it's an insane roller coaster of emotions (including anger--i accidentally ruined the surprise even though i promised i was going to make a cute announcement for him...oops) but mostly shock. it's also a little sarcastic sadness as i can't have sushi, alcohol, or rare steak anymore...my three favorite things. i understand that these are just positive tests. this is just evidence of a blastocyst attached to my uterine wall, and the positive tests are a result of my body's reaction to that blastocyst. i understand that it's fragile and as this is my first pregnancy i'm even more nervous for what can happen, though i try not to think about it much. either way i'm excited that i am not infertile! yay for life turning out my way, obviously i am going in the right direction because things don't happen until they're meant to (that is purely a personal belief, i'm not speaking for anyone but myself)	3
the story of how i died hp[e you enjoy [idontlikemygen611](<url>) ah yes horny jail, send off all the horny people to one concentrated penitentiary where it'll just be millions of horny guys, and the handcuffs just make it worse, have fun at ur gay orgy [**puegeot206**](<url>) i will beat the shit out of them all im not your average 220lb discord grease mod [rpstforhire](<url>) *holds out arm* hold on to me i will pull you from the bonks [**puegeot206**](<url>) *grabs your arm* ready when you are *stats pulling and running away* [**puegeot206**](<url>) ahhhh *runs with you holding on your arm still* [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) trips you [**puegeot206**](<url>) nooooooo [rpstforhire](<url>)**14**[21 minutes ago](<url>) *out of breath from running too much* we.. we have finally... finally reached to safety. [**puegeot206**](<url>)[20 minutes ago](<url>) *you look back to see me gone because some bitch tripped me* [**puegeot206**](<url>) noooo the furies save meeee [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) don't you fucking dare touch this skin bag! [rpstforhire](<url>) [*points the gun*](<url>) tf you doing [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) a 9 millimeter uzi. clever boy [**puegeot206**](<url>) just shoot him already [rpstforhire](<url>) *starts firing* [**puegeot206**](<url>) get his ass [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) i'd rather get yours [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) not before i stab you first pulls diving knife from leg sheath [**puegeot206**](<url>) threw the firing both me and meme man are shot because he used me as a sheild 6[**puegeot206**](<url>) me and meme man are dying on the floor from bullet and stab wounds [rpstforhire](<url>) noooooooooooooooooooo. don't die. [**puegeot206**](<url>) r...rpst ... i- [rpstforhire](<url>) no. no. no this isn't a place to die. no. no. [**puegeot206**](<url>) i want y... you to a..avenge me \*cough cough\* kill the re.. the rest of the furies [rpstforhire](<url>) *crying* i will brother. i will avenge you. rest in peace. i am sorry. [**puegeot206**](<url>) *dies* [rpstforhire](<url>) *takes out sword from its sheath* i will avenge him. and you will die. there is no other way. [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) finally a worthy opponent out battle will be legendary [rpstforhire](<url>) *makes a battle cry while running up to you* *stabs your head multiple times and then pierces your heart* [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) dodge [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) i'm not even at my strongest! you fucking idiot! yells for a bit now i'm a shark dude [rpstforhire](<url>) *puts hair in from of the eyes and becomes hentai protagonist* my army. kill him. *army of horny people comes and starts attacking* [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) humming \* bites a dude necky wecky [rpstforhire](<url>) *sends out 20 hungry succubuses to fuck you till you die from ejeculating too much* [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! you're cheating what the fuck ah shit! one of your guys broke my phone [rpstforhire](<url>) my army! hit him till he dies. [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) \*spooky dance drop kicks 21 people. fuck you! pulled out rusty machete and a 3 prong spear because one of your guys punched out one of my teeth [rpstforhire](<url>) *sighs* are you planning to die before i fucking nuke you. [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) fight me like a man tell your troops to stand down [rpstforhire](<url>) *sigh* okay army retreat i will finish this job myself. [mr\_meme-man-discord](<url>) walks up to you and looks you in the eyes pokes your nose and says boop after that i fall backwards and die	9
how's life been treating you? has it been a good week? the worst time of your life? let me know, because i'm here to listen! some people don't always have someone to listen to them, so i want to let you know i'll listen. whatever's on your mind i'll help take it in. i believe whatever is going on right now at the moment your life will only get better, even if it is already pretty great! some people also don't feel like making a post over it, whether it's because you're too shy or you think it's not important enough, but you can still dm me if you feel comfortable. let me know, how's life been treating you?	6
anyone want spotify playlists? giving out mine for free	0
what if we married in elder scrolls online lol jkjk.... >!unless?!<	5
help me my brother is leaving in a few minutes and he means a lot to me can people try to keep me from	14
for those of you who want the songs from when they were a kid <url> it was an apple music playlist so i hope song shift worked. enjoy	6
i just wanna be a shapeshifter y'all. literally 99% of my problems would be solved if i was one.	2
should i value sleep or anime i have three episodes left of death note and i'm excited to finish something for once.. but it's also 11:50 and i don't want to be late for class............. what should i do	4
sorry ladies "the fitnessgram pacer test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. the 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. line up at the start. the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal *boop*. a single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound *ding*. remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. the test will begin on the word start. on your mark, get ready, start." audio stays on repeat during sex	0
istg there's a shit ton of cute guys on this sub im a dude but god fucking damn id be straight gayy for some of yall	5
*does anon message thing on snapchat* "i got a crush on you" *checks most recent viewer, sees it's a dude* i'm not stupid	1
my cat just sliced my hand open he was playfully biting and scratching my arm and i was trying to get him to stop and then i felt his claw stick into my palm and drag to the other side of my hand, leaving a big fucking cut. i look down at my hand in shock and see a deep cut in my hand, waiting for it to bleed. i rushed to grab a bandaid and its all covered up now after my cat cut me i showed the cut to him and he was like and then he followed me to the bandaids to make sure i was okay hahaha	2
so im homeschooled and it really sucks i want to go to a normal school and live a normal life........i dont think im gonna go to college cause my mom thinks its sinful to live in a dorm so i'm probably never gonna have a normal life	2
lowkey kinda sad that sus is now associated with among us. call me a hipster, but before among us blew up i was reusing the word sus cause i liked it. but now it's associated with among us	2
are you a cheesecake from the cheesecake factory? because you look good enough to eat. and then vomit you up like i did on my 11th birthday.	17
only on ep 2 of bannana fish and almost crying filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	19
i want tattoo. i want one on my neck, my face, my chest, my hand and my arm. i want a little one under my left eye. it will be a star probably or just a few dots. i want to cover my whole hand in black but that is probably not possible so idk. i want some lines on my neck or another star. on my chest, i can have an attack on titan tattoo because it's da best. and lastly on my arm i could have a cute puppy or cat on my arm	6
the galactic empire did nothing wrong they even reduced the crime rate on alderaan to 0	0
throwing stones at a vw van. lets set the scene, a scorching hot summers day on a quaint little farm, 4 boys standing at the edge of the gravel road, the wheat stalks to their backs. i was one of those boys. i won't mention the others real names, so lets just call them bob #1, bob #2, and bob #3. they were my cousins, and each summer our entire bloodline would haul ass to my grandmothers farm in the countryside. we'd do things like swim in the local creek, ride the 3 horses; nutty, wilbur and mystic, but one day we had the great idea to throw small pebbles at the traffic going by. 13 at the time, we told the adults we were going for a walk, but as soon as we were out of sight, we bolted through the wheat field towards the road. it was a dusty, barren dirt road, not a fancy highway, and it barely received any traffic. on this particular occasion, we saw three vehicles drive by. the first i remember oddly being a flashy red car, and our pebbles missed. the second i can't remember, but the driver slammed on the brakes and hurled abuse when bob #2's pebble hit his rear. the third, was an old faded blue vw van. it drove by at a snails pace, and all of our pebbles hit it. what happened next was not expected. the van slowed to a halt, and two men stepped out of the front. they both looked in their late 40's, but with a bulky figure. the tallest one glared at us as the other went around to the back of the van. he yanked the doors open and pulled out a baseball bat and a plank of wood. he handed the bat to his friend, and armed himself with the wooden plank. the tallest one said "you're dead kids" and charged at us, along with his companion. we stumbled back into the wheat fields and sprinted back to the house. they followed. we ran onto the veranda screaming and my uncle came out. he saw the two gruff looking men and told my grandma. "get the rifle" the two men , obviously taken aback, mumbled apologies and trudged away. we explained and got in a bucketload of trouble, especially me, as it was my idea. the funny thing was the farm didn't have any gun of any sort. tl;dr hit vw van with rocks, two angry men stepped out and chased us back to farmhouse, got scared away by uncles fake threat, we got in unimaginable amounts of trouble. **edit:** formatting, typos **popular questions** 1.who gets violent with kids? - in my opinion we deserved an ass whoop in' 2.what farm doesn't have a gun? - i live in aus with pretty strict gun laws. the farm has no livestock (besides horses?) however, i think before my grandma bought it, it had cattle, but idk 3. i think he's lying... - i assure you, i'm not. but if you don't believe me, so be it, i can't dictate what you think	1
guys i missed 42069 karma i'm so sorry, i let you guys and myself down	2
i (16f) thought i wanted to be in a relationship soooo first of all i'm 16 this year so i'm a literal child compared to everyone else i see posting here so i feel a bit embarassed posting this. be prepared to roll your eyes lol but anyway i've never been in a relationship before which isn't that weird considering my age, but i've always kinda wanted to be in a relationship. with someone i really like of course, i wouldn't go out of my way to get into one. i've had a massive crush on one of my guy best friends for like 9 or 10 months of something, and his best friend whos dating my friend told her that he liked me but neither of them knew i liked him too til a while ago. i'm guessing my crush found out i liked him as well coz now he's talking to me more and asking me how my day is and we even hung out just the two of us, and at first i was like 'yayyyy' (lmao cringe) but now as time goes on i'm like 'holy shit this is actually happening like he actually likes me????' . i can't beleive it's happening like... i could get into a relationship soon. anyway....... here's the thing. it's hard to explain because i'm really happy that he likes me and i like talking to him..... but the thought of being in a relationship makes me... almost... feel sick in the pit of my stomach? i get this weird empty sick feeling and i don't understand why i feel this way coz just a few days ago i was probably sitting on the couch daydreaming about being in a relationship with him and even thinking about what it would be like kissing him so can anyone tell me what's wrong with me? does this mean i'm not ready for a relationship? i thought i was but when shit became real i freaked out. or is this normal? i guess i'm only 16 (actually not even 16 yet, in a few months) so i have ages to wait til i'm ready for a proper relationship. but it just feels like such a loss i guess coz i really like him. i just don't understand why i feel so sick at the thought of dating. i wish i could be one of those people who can easily date people like my friends are coz it would be nice to be able to do that. tldr: the thought of being in a relationship makes me feel sick even tho i like the guy a lot	1
any canadians awake? if so hmu and we'll simp over our country together if you're un-canadian hmu as well to learn about why its the best country.	0
my dentist just told me he is proud of me :) dental hygiene wasn't really a top priority for me, mainly because i am a careless idiot. but in the last year i started feeling the effects of all those years of not taking care of my teeth, mainly when my heart started acting funny in december and i started feeling irregular beats and palpitations, and it hit me! gum disease and heart issues go together, and that freaked the shit out of me. so last month i decided to do scaling and cleaning of my gums, teeth, getting some root canals and preparing (read: bracing ) for braces. the first thing he said when i opened my mouth "son, your gums are in a critical condition". and i just pointed at one of the posters in his cabinet and said when i'm done, i want teeth just like those. fast forward a month later i went back for a checkup and he said "your teeth and gum are in a pristine condition right now, i'm really proud of you and i can see your hygiene is really on point", this compliment doesnt seem like much, but it meant a lot to me because i can't remember the last time someone told me they are proud of me, and now that it's about my teeth, something i'm very insecure about, it got me pumped up and taking hygiene more seriously. flossing and brushing have become a daily ritual right now. what about you folks? when was the last time someone told you they are proud of you?	9
alright people ya girl is in a strange situation again so basically i'm downstairs alone and i'm scared cuz its lonely so i want to go upstairs but i'm too scared to go up the stairs cuz everyone is asleep and its dark so i'm sat here about to cry can someone help aghhh. also i'm afraid that theres a murderer hiding somewhere so if i move hes gonna come kill me ah why duz my brain work like this :(((	0
my mental health deteriorates more and more by the day and there's very little stopping me from ending it. very poggers. anyway, i need a therapist to be honest. >!i'm not gonna kill myself anytime soon, don't worry. i still have a lot of things i want to do.!<	0
forgot to post yesterday but i promised myself to post so yeah yesterday was a good day tbh i got back from my sisters was with my parents for a while then my gf asked if we could go to the park mom said no cus my hair would b wet n i would get sick, got sad for a bit played mc for a bit, cheered up, my dad and i threw tennis balls at eachother, got high took a shower passed out so yeah it was good	0
my gf doesn't like me watching porn at all..... idk what to do. [deleted]	10
my [34f] boyfriend [36m] never wants to get married. i'm having a hard time accepting it. i (34f) met a man, jon (36m), on tinder 2 years ago. we've been together ever since. when we met, we were both going through a divorce. we instantly hit it off and were there to hold each other's hands through each other's divorces. i've told jon since the beginning that one day i would like to get married again. and he's told me that he never wants to be married again. but he also told me he didn't want a relationship (happened), didn't want to move in together (happened), didn't want to even have sex because he was just looking for a friend (sex happened). when i moved in with him he said "i may have given in to everything i said i wouldn't budge on... but i will never give in to marriage." this concerned me because i would one day like to get married. i like the commitment of it, the ceremony of it, being able to call my partner my husband instead of boyfriend ( i'm in my 30's, a forever boyfriend feels juvenile to me), i like feeling like a family unit. he tells me there is no point to marriage, why bring the government into a relationship, marriage isn't good for anyone (especially men). his ex wife really did a number on him. he proposed to her after 15 months. was so excited to get married to her. within a couple years she was moved out of the bedroom. the divorce was needlessly long and ugly. but hell, so was mine and i'm not jaded by it. when he told me that he never wants to get married again it shook me. because it's something that i want. it's important to me. and i had to think hard about if i wanted to pursue a relationship with jon even though i'd never get what i want. ultimately i felt like this was my problem that i needed to get past. i love jon very much and i decided that i wanted to stay in the relationship and sacrifice the chance of ever getting married. i've tried very hard this past year to accept my fate, but i can't shake the disappointment i feel. after he told me all about his past relationship and how excited he was to marry what he thought was his "soul mate", how he only ever wanted to get married once and never get divorced; i can't help but feel... not worth it. i'm becoming deeply depressed and i work on trying to be ok with this life path everyday. we are very happy together, in love, yadda yadda... what are your thoughts? what is healthy for couples to do when there is a conflict like this? do you have any advice about what i can do to accept this? what are the benefits of being married and not being married? tl;dr my boyfriend of 2 years never wants to get married again after an ugly divorce, and i'm having a very hard time accepting that.	11
if global warming is real then why am i cool af	0
why do girls try and catfish... it's so dumb... what do you expect is gonna happen like? when your seen in person they ain't gonna like you anymore smh. i'm saying this cuz me and my friend were talking yesterday and this girl hits him up and she looked good as shit in the pics she was sending and she even sent like mirror pics but cut off the bottom half of her body so she didn't look as fat. but i recognized the girl from my school and i was telling my friend that this chick dosent look like that at all like she had a ton of make up and trying to hide the fact that she was obese. and she wanted to meet up n shit. like...	10
tip of the day: you can't be raped... ...if you always give consent l8r virgins	0
anyone else relate to this experience? so i'm a grill that isn't normally fashionable, but today i put my hair up into a ponytail with two bits of hair out of it and plaited one of them because the other wouldn't cooperate. i thought it looked really good but then my mother came home and asked me if i would really go outside 'looking like that' can anyone here who's sane tell me if it was a dumb hairstyle, or if my mother is just being a bitch? anyway i'm totally not emotionally unstable enough to be upset by this	0
listening to flo milli instead of dealing with the consequences of my actions i feel like pussycat doll i don't answer when he call	0
my afk fish farm is running at home while i'm at school. it's running with a god rod. luck of the sea 3, lure 3, unbreaking 3 and mending. i'm expecting 10 or so full double chests. get on my level	0
why my does my pp smell i washed it like 100 times girl pp btw. i even have a shower almost every day now but the smell is making me want to die idk if anyone else can smell it either	4
everybody gangsta till the daddy issues start talkin now is not the time 4 that .. we are supposed to be vibing	7
in retrospect summarise your teen years in one word i assume that most people on this sub are already passed their teens. if you're still living your teen years then you can also post but would appreciate it if you stated that you're a teenager! i'd like to skip mine because it's a little morbid	9
i'm so glad i have friends get yourself a good friend. we (11th/junior) only have school on tuesdays and thursdays. fridays are optional if you're called in. i came in today for a club activity that was canceled and i didn't know. i live 45 minutes from school and i took a bus here that won't show up till 2 pm (currently 8:30 am). my mom is obviously pissed and isn't gonna come to pick me up because it's 45 minutes away and she has things to do. so i text a friend, the mvp of this story. girl comes in clutch she's on her way right now to pick me up and take me home get yourself a good ass friend like her	13
haha i have a whole 6 follows muy epic	0
accidentally pairing the tightest of my t shirts with the skinniest of my jeans was slumming it at home and needed to go to tesco. threw on first clothes i saw and went. then caught sight of my reflection in car window on way back. i don't usually pair my tight white t-shirt with the skinniest of my jeans.gayness level: off the scale today didn't help that i was also wearing my man bag girl style just on the one shoulder instead of across like usual. mainly cos i didn't want to crease my t shirt <url>	5
follow up to my last post don't know if anyone cares but we're now dating. when i asked her if we were dating she smiled and said 'we shall see' so then i asked for a yes or no and she said 'yes' so yayay later virgins	0
going through a crisis colleges and universities are already spamming my email telling me to apply this summer. i ain't ready	4
i wish i knew more about guns honestly guns are pretty cool ngl ngl whats your favourite gun mines probably the lee-enfield or the m4a1	2
i (22m) got completely ghosted after first date from (19f) obviously i'm kind of confused here. i've dated before, so first date aren't anything out of the ordinary. i actually enjoy them, they're exciting. anyways, i went on a date with this girl (19f) and like any first date, it can feel slightly choppy at first but from my end i thought it became a lot more natural towards the end. since this date took place at my school, many of my friends saw us and said she looked like she was having a great time, smiling and laughing and such. so after the date i texted her an hour later saying i had a great time! and saying thank you. but nothing. still haven't had a response and this just seems weird to me. like i get not responding if i ask to go on another date but i'm guessing she didn't have a good time like i thought tl:dr went on a first date with a girl. friends said she looked like she was having a good time. texted her afterwards saying i had a great time. never got a response. needing insight on how to deal.	9
how do you think mario feels knowing that trump has been in peach twice? damn	2
what should my (24m) next move be with girl (22f) long story short. met this girl a week ago. she came over that night. we hit it off. went on a lunch date few days back. she always sends ":)" and questions and shit. anyway on saturday she texts me back in the morning. she says she's sick in bed trying not to cry. asked me what i'm doing. (she was sick at our lunch date came from the dr). anyway i sent her a text saying i'm working but i can cook u soup when i'm off. she never responded we had plans for yesterday @6pm. well i sent her a text over 24h later confirming our plans. she reaponds 6h later legit 3 minutes before our plans says exactly this "hey i'm sorry! i got to go home from work early and i've been sleeping and sick". funny thing is she posted a story on snap of work and viewed my story hours before. i messaged her few hours later just saying "feel better soon" and responded. "thanks " i never responded. is it over? do i just move on? what did i even do? i don't understand. tl;dr. girl way interested in me doesn't text me for over 40h and cancels plans cuz sick . what should i do?	2
i just came up with probably the most friendliest gesture i could ever give while walking on the way home. i don't know if this is the right sub to post this in but if you guys know which would be suitable comment below which subreddit it could be posted into thanks. so while walking home from the jobs and benefits office i had my music playlist playing in my ears and all these thoughts running through my head as usual. some happy, some nostolgic and sad. while i was thinking about the arguments i've had with my family lately and being unemployed and money being low i was thinking about how i would make it up to my family that when i get sorted and back on my feet i was feeling really generous and this is probably one of the first times i've ever felt like this but i reminded myself that all the times, specially my mother, that has paid for all my school stuff when little, clothes she bought and i've ruined, getting into trouble as a teen with bad crowds and police, that when i eventually get a job and get enough money, i was thinking of handing both my mother and father ps1,000 each as a thank you for bringing me up right in the world, it will probably be if i get a well paid job or by the time i'm moving out. when i started working aswell i loved the thought of christmas because i would of spoiled my family the most and they probably would of got me 1 big present and a few funny presents , which now that i'm old enough i understand, but after reading and motivating myself over time, i've came across a quote that always inspired me saying, "money is never an issue" and i keep telling myself this as of today, if your wise with your money, spend it on the things you love, because it will always come back one way or another, i hope you enjoyed this little story and let me know what you think or have any generous stories of your own.	19
hey guys,im going to say the funny.uh uhmmmmm oh yeah "america bad,americans fat " random comment:as an american,this is true [100000000 rewards]	0
these are heartbroke boi hours i'm not okay	0
i want to learn how to stop my negative mindset... soooo... i've been on "the grind" lately. going to school, going to work, going to the gym, repeat. it's great, don't get me wrong. i love the feeling of satisfaction i get after i complete everything i need to do for the day. here comes the problem... i do all these things and feel great, but then feel dread and anxiety when i think about the fact that i have to keep going to the gym 4-5 days a week to get the results i want. the fact that i have to go to school 3 days a week, every week, for the next few months. my problem is once i get everything done i feel great until i think of the fact that i have to keep doing all this every single day, over and over again. maybe my problem is i don't have enough variety of things going on in my day, but i'm not sure. it kinda feels like that one episode of spongebob where squidward moves to that new apartment and he does the same thing every single day. he likes it at first, but within a few days he's miserable. anyone relate? anyone got any tips they could give me?	9
sleeping on a stranger's couch. okay, so this literally happened a couple of minutes ago. (typing on my phone so ignore the shitty formatting) i'm done with my first year of uni and i had to shift outta my dorm. i'm crashing at my friend's dad's colleague's house and i just met the dude a couple of hours ago. my friend and i had a long trip to this place to we dozed off on the couch while watching netflix. now, the thing is, i'm in a long distance relationship and i haven't done it in a long time. i didn't even have time to jo this entire week cause i had finals. therefore, while napping on this dude's couch, i had a really vivid dream of my gf n i "moving furniture" this caused me to blow a fucking load in my pants. and now i'm sitting in the bathroom and idk what to do lol tldr; fell asleep on some guys sofa and jizzed myself	12
reddit, i am surprising my best friend by being her son to las vegas. i could sure use some help with ideas on how to do it! so, i am flying to vegas and my bff is going to meet me there because she lives in california. she hasn't seen her son in years due to money issues. we will be flying in together and my bff will be picking us up. i want to make it the best surprise ever for her but i am fresh out of ideas. any suggestions?	8
older woman [65f] at my [30f] job is being catfished/scammed hope it's ok i post this here! i went to /needadvice but it said no relationship questions! wasn't sure if this applied. i work with this older woman at my job who i heard recently had put in her two weeks notice because she was getting remarried (she's widowed) and moving to texas (far from where we are). i thought, good for her. she's kind of a weird one but always nice and a hard worker. i finally had the chance to talk to her about it today. she told me she met this guy on facebook, they talked, exchanged pictures and fell in love. but she is all worried and freaking out because apparently, he has been working some job (?) in syria (??!!) for the past year or so and he's "stuck" there. she said he was paid for the work ahead of time for the full amount ($300,000 ) and since him and his "co workers" finished the job earlier than expected, they have to pay back $30,000. all of his co workers managed this except him. what even is this? an american working in syria? there isn't even an american embassy there anymore i don't think. now his money is in his bank in the us and can't get to it. no family on his account, bank won't work with him, many other bullshit excuses she told me. she's never met him, talks to his "son" but has never talked to him. i'm waiting for her to tell me she gets a "check" from a family member of his, cashes it at her bank and then wires it to him, etc etc that whole scam. it's so obvious she's getting catfished and about to get scammed. she's an older lady, she's probably never heard of this scam or even heard of catfishing. she's all alone (family in a different state) and widowed. my problem is apparently a few people at my work know. i'm one of the last to find out. i can't just sit by and let this poor woman quit her job and potentially get severely scammed and heart broken. everyone i talked to says, "it's none of my business, she won't listen." what should i do? just stay out of it? tl;dr - old lady at my job is getting catfished and possibly scammed, is in the process of quitting her job and moving, no one wants to intervene. what should i do?	11
people with cats, let's talk! my cat is sick, i've taken out a loan, took out money from credit cards to afford his treatment but it wasn't enough so i also made a goffundme and i'm now ps100 short, i'm more hopeful and i feel slightly better about this crappy situation, (i was literally crying in the bus today and it was so embarassing it just hit me that i might lose my baby boy.) so while i wait and watch my gfm praying to reach my goal, i want to know if any of your cats have been sick with urinary obstruction and how they recovered from it, give me hope please! if your cat has never been sick with it then good for them and i hope they never will but please, tell me about your cat, what they like, what they are like or a funny story! my cat is greedy, loves chicken and tuna, he's very cuddly, he likes belly rubs, he's very friendly with people, he's lazy and he is very territorial! he also like to gently slap feet. please, keep me company tonight i really need it	6
does anyone else have a problem with wearing clothes? seriously, like i hate "real" clothes i feel like they're weighing me down... as soon as i get in my house i'm naked or at the very least pyjamas. anyone else like to just set themselves free after a hard day at work? or just generally being outside? or clothed in general? on the flip side are there any of you that just can't stand to be nude, ever? don't even get me started on bras they're just prisons for my boobs.	7
i left a job today after only six months and for some reason i'm devastated. this job was hell & also i wanted to walked out half the time but the people were just fuck. amazing never met so many amazing people who just; really fucking cared. i'm not used to that maybe but been sobbing all day both my bosses cried, other people cried i just idk. never felt this kind of love before it's overwhelming. how do i even like idk;why do i feel like this	9
hello everyone remember you're worth something, give yourself a break. if you're going through a tough time, that's ok. it happens, we have ups and downs so if you're down right now you have an upward curve coming soon. have a good weekend	6
girl [18] that i [18m] was talking to wants to stop talking because of life and too much going on. i understand, but what now? hi, i recently made a post about what to do the other day about a situation i had and the answers i got were helpful and would've helped given this one situation didn't happen . so she said that given all the stuff that is going on with her life (school being almost over, college, grandma ill, poor family communication, and overall poor morale) lead to her wanting to be alone and that us talking would only be a sad time for me as she wouldn't be open or ready for anything serious. i understand all of this and i begrudgingly accepted. i'm a bit sad now that it ended so soon (~2 months) and i enjoyed everything about it, but she wasn't opposed to doing anything or starting again in the future. the only problem really is what to do now. obviously i can or can't wait for her, and i doubt she would be willing to talk to anyone with what she's going through. and while she didn't say she was opposed to anything happening in the future, should i wait for her to be ready or try and move on from this? i don't have a problem with either as i'm not eager to go out and try things if i can just have back what was good before, but if i have to, i'll try and move on. thanks! anything is appreciated, even just reading it. tl;dr: girl and i just stopped talking bc of problems in her life and relationship wouldn't help really. not opposed to anything in future, but unsure what to do till then. stay and wait? if so, what do i do until that time? or leave? not opposed to either but just at a cross roads. thanks!	9
i wanna like have a guy irl see my dick and see what he thinks about it it's not very big but average idk .....................	5
i [early 20s, m] have a hard time dealing with feelings/texts towards girls i don't know if the title describes it correctly but basically i just can't control myself and am a very impatient person. i love instant gratification with everything and just obsess over perfectionism. for example today i was talking to a potential girl i was gonna see. i'm not a big fan of online conversations at all. she was being enthusiastic and chatty even though i just said "hi" at first. so anyway i proceeded to small talk (for 1 or 2 texts only) and then quickly asked her to meet up after that. she just stopped responding right there and left me on "read". i'm just confused and i might add that this wasn't like a typical dating sort of thing, it's more like those sugar dating apps which even makes it less of an issue i guess, but still.. idk what it is ---- for context, here is how the exact **conversation** went: me: hi **her**: hey! wow look at that. i'm in my mid 20s, blonde, and tall. what a match haha. also going to *"city name"* this summer so i could use some recommendations :) x me: u seem fun haha we should hang out :) **her**: i am the life of the party haha me: u wanna meet up for dinner this weekend me: btw oh noo don't go in the summer lol its too hot me: btw my bad i just tend to skip the small talk straight to dinner plans u can lmk ur expectations and stuff **that's another thing** is that i just get too impatient and want to talk and proceed with things, if i don't get a reply quick i get nervous or feel strange. **but that's only for girls i'm super into**. others who are like meh i just move on carelessly. i feel like i just must "secure" it and get too attracted to them like they're the only ones on this planet, in that moment.. i guess i could've omitted the last text and made things better, probably ruined an already-ruined situation. i don't have this problem at all in person it's just texting which i completely hate. ----- tl;dr: i'm always impatient and can't seem to set the pace right when dealing with girls.	9
i'm so tired, my legs ache i've been running around all day. my classes are 3 hours at times (2 3hour classes) i've been waking up at 6 and not being able to fall asleep. my 2 classes are 3 hours apart but in between i'm in such a rush. ran to the gym, back home, to the grocery store, back home, unload groceries, run to my class, etc. my feet feel like they're able to fall off	7
can you guys comment "u kinda making me sweaty " to the post above. mods don't hurt me please it is something i do once in a while only a few times.	5
i am monumentally fucked the girl i'm seeing texted me if i have time to talk the end is nigh	19
turkish girls are so fucking rude. might just be me but i dont think ive ever really met a nice girl who was turkish. may just be coincidence i guess but like, im able to befriend girls from other ethnic backgrounds so easily. or do turks just not like white people? i am a girl btw, went to an all girls school and it was shit. i was able to have a conversation with anyone but the turkish girls were so closed off and rude to me lmao. is this just a me problem?	1
im usually a happy and laidback guy. ive felt like a shell since my car accident and i cant drive myself anywhere. something about that freedom really makes me sad to not have it anymore. its hard to uber with surfboards ya know?	1
big wins on twitter today, 3 retweets on my art i know i know, hitting the big leagues. maybe soon horny yoda will follow me	0
i just took a selfie for the first time in years! ok, that sounds... lame and boring, but i feel happy about it. my self esteem has been super low years, so bad i do not want to be in any pictures, because i feel like i look so ugly and disgusting and hate to look at myself, so i don't really like mirrors either that much. but i just took a selfie and actually feel like it looks decent! not the greatest, but... it's alright, and that makes me happy. might just be because i'm tired but can't go to sleep because i have too much stuff to do. and yeah, i tend to over-celebrate even the smallest of things quite often	9
my husband might be the most modest person i've ever met i was talking to my husband about higher education degrees because i dropped out after my second year in undergrad and am now trying to finish a bachelor's... 10 years later. he has a phd and works in academia, and in the course of the conversation, he casually mentioned he *forgot* he had a masters in a slightly different field too. it was like the most nonchalant conversation, like he was mentioning he ate an orange with his lunch. his phd degree sits unopened in a cardboard box in his office. he never makes me feel like i'm less-than in any way even though i didn't finish and it honestly is the most healing thing ever after so much pressure from a "tiger mom". it's such a weird feeling to me that i sometimes don't process right away. he really is wonderful .	6
i love my gf so much i'm so happy that i have my gay fuckboy (this is a joke post. however, have a nice day and stay hydrated, guys, gals and non-binary pals!)	6
my phone broke and i'm not getting a new phone till september	4
whenever i talk about my stories here everyone's always confused. can't believe y'all can't guess things from context i don't even provide.	16
how do i [m/16] flirt with a girl [f/17] over both text and in real life? also, what does it mean if she's said this to me? so i [16/m] really like this girl [17/f]. we've both been texting each other a lot lately and i want to advance our...thing, let's say. i want to flirt with her both over text and in real life; so, how exactly do i do that? obviously in real life, some types of flirting like non sexual touching (e.g. brushing hand against hers) is pretty well known but how else can i flirt with her? also, on monday, she waited for me all day to text her and when i didn't, she initiated the conversation and told me that me talking to her makes her happy. she's also facetimed and called me and when we facetimed and called, she laughed at dumb things that i said. she's also pretty engaged in our conversation. so, what are ways that i can flirt both in real life and over text and what do her actions mean? and before i forget to mention, today, she said that she had a really bad headache but also said that talking to me literally made the headache go away (she also threw in a emoji). what does this entail? and she said that today she was bored and had nothing to do: what can i do to keep her from being bored?	1
hey, hey, guess what i did? i asked a girl out and she said yes	0
i got posted to the worst of r/teenagers twitter account im twitter famous	0
f bro i was making a ramen cup but i accidentally punctured a hole in it so spilled ramen and broth all over the microwave	2
hey girl are u a commie bc i feel an uprising in my lower classes [^istolethis<3]	17
it's 2:40	0
i kind of love living in a rural area where i see news headlines that say "hawk invades local man's home" since there is no violent crimes generally in my area, i like to sometimes pop over to the local news channel to have a laugh. reporter: "so how did you react when you saw him?" the owner: "idk i made bird noises to try to get him out. " "the hawk was not injured just a little stunned"	1
one of my favorite things about being the shy quiet kid since people already don't notice me that means any random boners i get in class people won't notice at least i hope they don't notice	5
ok so i had a girl just randomly hmu asking to fuck and i've had a crush on the girl for a while and imagined fucking her before, so i was like woah what the fuck is this real? and she started sending some wierd texts (this was on snapchat via snaps not the texting part but still) and they i asked if she was drunk and she said no, and they i asked when she's down and she said she's done but not with me and said it was a joke. i'm lowkey upset, but i'm more confused than anything. like, how do i even respond to something like that	1
thoughts on "one of me" by ice cube ? i've been into gangsta rap for a few months now, and i came across the holy songs of the god ice cube. recently i discovered he released two songs less than a year ago, including "one of me". and so, to anyone interested in gangsta rap, or rap in general, what are your thoughts ? also if you haven't listen to it yet, go ahead, and tell me what you think please personally, i love it. the song is just too good ! same goes for some ice cube's songs too !	19
yall imma be cancelled i found a video of me in 6th grade saying nigahiga but pronouncing niga *that* way	2
depresso thread-o three days today was a good day i'm tired as fuck u/gravesez u/rickyontheradiator sleep well homies u/i-am-a-salty-bitch hi pls sort by new, have a great night	3
gf applications pm if you want in 11-14 be an actual girl be cool gamer girl maybe tell me a little bit abt yourself in pms (this is a meme but i am accepting them...)	13
i've had one favorite playlist for the past 2 years now if that doesn't say something about my loyalty then idk what to tell you	16
i [30m] feel torn as i want to contact my ex [28f] as i would like to have a friendship with her but petrified of being rejected. as the title says, i'm a little torn because i don't think i have the balls to reach out to her. i would like to have a friendship with her, it's been 9 months since we split, we had a pretty messy relationship towards the end, but the good times were amazing and we had a really good connection, more than i've ever had with anyone else but when the bad times came around they were seriously bad. we were real jerks to each other and it turned pretty toxic by the end, but i've come to terms with a lot of things and having her as an intimate partner, but what i'm really struggling with is the idea that i've lost her as a best friend. i talk to all my other ex's and we're just really good friends and i would like to also have that kind of relationship with her, but the only difference is that my ex's have contacted me, and i'm so happy they did. but i'm petrified of rejection, i'm also petrified to have my messages that i would send to her screen captured by her and shared with her friends and sisters, which she would do a lot in our relationship and it would upset me a lot as i felt there was no privacy when ever we had an issue. i just need some advise whether to just do it and face the outcome or just leave it and not bother. all opinions are welcome :) and thank you for taking the time to respond tldr: need to find the courage to text my ex to have a friendship but scared of rejection	3
anyone wanna fight? lets throw some hands	16
boys, i might actually fail science class. can we get an f in the chat?	0
i can't do this if my life doesn't start getting better idek what to say at this point. like..?	2
what do you really like about yourself? hi cc! <3 a lot of the time us crazy humans like to obsess over what's wrong with us. it's important to understand flaws and improve where we can, but i also like talking to people about what they like about themselves. physically, habitually, personality wise, etc. so go! what do you like about yourself? for me personally, i love that i have the practice of being mindful and "in the moment" down lately; it seems like everyone is trying to get back to that place as a society learning how to be more present while awash in a sea of digital distraction. actually being in the moment - for a majority of each day - feels really nice. tell me about you!	8
so i got a splint on a few days ago and it allows me to put things on easier. so today i decided to wear jeans for the first time today, and i was walking into the bathroom and i looked in the mirror, and ngl i was checking myself out those jeans make my rear look good . self confidence boost for the morning, which is nice.	5
i just want someone to call me daddy *cry cry* and sometimes i wanna call someone daddy... #	4
after like a year of being on this sub i finally found out i finally found how i change the flair!!!! never been more happy i'm	0
yea yea you have a gf, but is your dad a fuking pro gamer? i didn't think so, my dad has over 21 weeks worth of video game playing just on steam, and 1,000 of those hours alone spent on call of duty mw2. yea we're pro gamers	0
tip of the day: how to not make noise while peeing immerse the head of your penis in the toilet water thank me l8r	0
i'm [25/f] worried about my marriage. for the first time in 8 years i've got a crush on someone that isn't my husband [26/m]... hello everybody, i'm using a throwaway account as my husband knows my other account username. basically for a bit of background info me and my husband have been together for 8 years, we met on a night out with mutual friends and we instantly clicked. things moved very fast and a year later we were living together and i became pregnant. fast forward to present day and we have two beautiful children and a nice home but my husband has had his problems with infidelity in the past which i've forgiven. my husband is a craftsman and i'm a freelance artist and i work from home and look after our youngest. the reason i'm posting on here is because i'm worried. for the past 8 years i have gone through life not even realising other men existed other than my husband. i've had issues with my body since having children and always just thought that no one other than my husband would want me. but recently i've had a surge in confidence. i've started looking after myself, my body is back to looking like it did pre babies (except the loose skin around my bellybutton), i got a new hair cut and bleached it white blonde, i've started tanning and taking time to do my nails and makeup. my husband started a new job and he told me that the men he worked with couldn't get over how attractive i was when he showed them a picture. i've not been complimented in years so this was a real crazy thing to be told. one of his coworkers actually makes a point to ask my husband every day how i am in a cheeky way which is funny, and winds him up with things like "your wife messaged me last night" etc. but there's another coworker that my husbands mentioned and i think i've got a crush. the man in question after being shown my photo said i wasn't what he was expecting and he said that my husband was lucky to have a wife that hot. he then went to other coworkers saying "have you seen his wife??" and then he also admitted he looks me up on social media a lot. i know i'm being an idiot, but after going through years of feeling disgusting this is such a strange feeling. the guy is really typical to the type of guy i used to go for before my husband. cheeky, arrogant, very sort of "lad"ish, a bit chavy, a bad boy. which is weird because i'm a bit of a goth and covered in tattoos. anyways. anyone got any advice or can someone slap some sense in to me? i just feel completely bored to be honest and having guys say i'm attractive has brought a bit of spice to my day i'm most worried because recently even though i love my husband to bits i don't want him to kiss me, but just the thought of the other guy talking to me makes me feel all hot and bothered. tl;dr: i've been with my husband for 8 years but after a surge in confidence i've started having a silly crush. help!	1
i love too hard so i [20m] have known this girl [19f] for a while now (about two years). we attend the same college, but yeah, i'm a year ahead of her. so i realised last year that i was developing feelings for her. i didn't let her know about it though, mostly because i was scared of rejection, and i really value our friendship. however during her birthday last year, one thing led to another, and she told me that she loves me (she meant it). i don't think i could have been any happier; i really love her and it was a very emotional moment for me. this was december, last year. we discussed our relationship a few weeks later, and i got to understand that she was scared of commitment and she wasn't ready. nevertheless, this was not a problem for me. i assured her that i was going to wait until she is ready. one would probably think that everything is going pretty well between us. only issue is that i can't help it; i love too hard. and it really hurts when my feelings are not reciprocated most of the time. sometimes before i go to bed, i send her a message telling her i love her, but she ignores it most of the time. i call her a lot, almost everyday. but she rarely does so. sometimes she even misses my calls and dismisses them without calling back to say hi. don't get me wrong; we really connect on an emotional level and we both know that. she reciprocates sometimes as well; i played the piece 'river flows in you' on her birthday for her, i once wrote a poem for her, and i remembered our anniversary (two years of knowing each other). she showed me lots of love in those instances. most of the time she doesn't though, and it really hurts. what can i do about this? i really love her and i know she loves me too, but a lot of times it just seems like she is not interested. people usually believe loving too hard is a girl thing; i say being vulnerable is what makes us human. however, it just seems like my efforts are not being appreciated. thanks guys. i feel a lot better merely putting down what i feel right now tl:dr; i love too hard and my sometimes my feelings are not reciprocated by my potential so.	3
my rotc session hello reddit! this is my first (ever) post anywhere after lurking for months in this site (and im still unfamiliar with most of the stuff in here tho), so forgive my long post and my english (as its my 2nd language). anyway, i felt like posting my experience today since it feels relevant here. so yeah, a little background, im a college freshman in some adequately performing college, 30 mins away from my neighborhood. aside from the course subjects being offered there, all freshmen students are mandated by law to take 1 of the 3 national service training programs, and being kinda depressed and wanting to straighten myself up, i joined the rotc program, with sessions held every sunday at 7:30 am (which is probably more or less the same with your jrotc's protocol, other-people-from-around-the-world-probably-reading-this). fast forward to a semester worth of training (and a **lot** of absences), i skipped the first two days of this 2nd semester's training (where btw, 4 absences means a failing grade), mainly because i wasn't feeling myself (and even spent one weekend just staring and sulking) recently. so i squared myself up this sunday and said fuck it, im gonna wake up early af and attend this shit. arrived late (school is 30 mins by public transpo), everyone still fixing formations and stuff, so far so good. after getting baked under the scorching heat of the tropical sun and marching/stopping/standing/marching again non-stop 2 hours later, the officer-in-charge decided to dismiss us for note-taking lessons. here's where shit happens though. being the lazy, frequently absent, absentminded dude, i forgot to fill up the cadet forms (which was supposed to be passed last week). platoon leader said okay, fill up **within** this afternoon. but this doesnt take the cake. we were all issued uniforms with a bunch of patches to indicate our block/school/platoon, etc, ages ago. again, being sleazy, i didnt claim my name patch because of my absences. so here comes my fellow cadette and tells me to move up front, cause i was missing my name patch, along with some other dudes, waaay up front, near the student **and** actual military officers. some high-ranking, 50 something year old visiting officer (fresh from the main command, no less) ordered us to do a **hundred** squat-push ups (idk what theyre called) as , and somehow, being skinny af, survived. officer then says if u repeat shit like this he'll kill us without touching us. went back to my squad, feeling dizzy, legs numb, and to the point where i was about to vomit. social anxiety, fear of embarrassment, and a bunch of bottled water took me a while before calling help with my fellow squadmates, where they called for the unit's medics. bunch of cadettes (and some guy) with medic patches escorted me (while the guys from other platoons audibly expressing how lucky i am to get escorted by girls) in a breezy corner where i was taken care of, by basically just rubbing vicks on my nose/head and declining head/back massages cause it felt weird, which somehow miraculously made me feel better. while being treated, medic cadettes thanked me cause i called for medics at the right time, cause they too have no name patches and was about to suffer the same punishment as i did, and asked to move to their medic platoon to (more or less "pretend" to) treat me. i agreed. while there, officers started the lecture, and somehow became acquintances with my "rescuers", enjoyed chatting about their courses, and how much of a terror the professors (we had in common) are. so not all bad, i guess. though, i spent the afternoon walking (and riding public transpo) to submit necessary documents (1x1 pictures, etc.) and will probably not come to school tomorrow . tldr - joined rotc, skipped a lot of meetings, forgot a name patch for my uniform and officer made me squat-push up a hundred times as punishment, felt weak and got sent to the medics dept., made some medic friends, spent the afternoon walking around to finish requirements while legs hurt.	14
well i did it boys and girls. can safely say, i've survived one of the hardest years of my life; and finally 17. yeah boiiiiiii	0
god really gave me the most juicest, bounciest boobies, a wet, phat, plump and scrumptious pair of lips and cheeks that clap when i walk and a teeney tiny waist and said "make it work" why am i so perfect i didn't ask to be made this way	4
i'm not sure if i should tell my friend how i feel so i had a snap streak with this guy (let's call him j) for almost a year but we only started talking at the end of last summer, a few days before the school year. we've been friends since, we don't talk much at school or in person but we text and snapchat pretty often. so j asked me to prom about a month ago and i said yes. prom happened last weekend, and i think we had a good time. the after party on the other hand, that's a different story... this was the first big party i went to and i don't drink very often so i didn't know my limits. i had quite a bit to drink and i was totally wasted to the point where i couldn't walk straight or keep my head up. i like j a lot, so naturally, being drunk, i kinda made it obvious. i told him he was the cutest guy at prom and i asked him if he liked me, to which he replied "you're alright." because i couldn't hold myself up, i was hugging him and holding his hand. we were basically cuddling most of the time lmao. he was caressing me but i don't know if that means anything. fast forward to the next day, we talked on snap for a bit and things seemed okay between us but as the week progressed, it just became weird. i felt like j was avoiding me or that he hated me but i didn't ask him about it because i didn't wanna make things even more awkward. people were asking us if we were a thing and someone posted a sarcastic comment on my instagram picture of j and i at prom implying that we were more than friends. i thought that might have pissed him off so i felt like he was distancing himself from me. so today we've been talking all day and this morning we cleared the air, he told me he was irritated that he wasn't able to enjoy the after party because i got so drunk (but he said that he wasn't mad or irritated at me, just at the situation) and he's not mad that i got drunk, he just didn't wanna feel obligated to take care of me which i guess i understand, it would be annoying if you had to stay with your friend the whole night cause they got hammered. i kinda felt like he didn't care about me when he said that but he could have just ditched me and handed me over to my best friend but he didn't do that so i guess that says something? i'm not sure. i confronted j about being cold to me this week and he said he just felt awkward because he didn't know where we stood after the party (i guess cause we were cuddling and shit?) and he isn't good at handling situations like that. i'm still trying to figure out what this all means but i don't think he likes me and i don't think he ever will. that might be my insecurity of "no one will love me" talking, so that's why i'm posting this because i wanna get a fresh perspective on this situation. i think j and i are pretty good friends and he means a lot to me, so i don't wanna ruin what we have by telling him that i like him in the event he doesn't feel the same way and things just get awkward and we stop talking :/ i tried to make this as short as possible by leaving out any irrelevant information but it still seems pretty long... oops	1
the beat switch on nights my frank ocean orgasm in a song	15
anybody down to talk????? dm me ,if you're interested in talking about anything....	6
i start college classes in a month after being homeschooled for 12 years my social anxiety is ripping me apart	0
annoyed and venting so here's my story, i just have to tell it to make me feel better because i feel like a total ass right now. so i just got out of a terrible and abusive relationship in january. there is a guy (kid?)-he's 21 and i'm 34- i know as an acquaintance and was feeling lonely the other night and decided to message him kinda hoping maybe we could just hook up and hang out. then the selfies started. so many selfies! looking exactly the same in every. single. one! over the course of 3 days he has sent me 20 selfies or so, and i never asked for one. then the constant texts, i'd not reply and he'd still text 5-10 times, he'd say things like "are you ok?" like yes bitch i'm fine, but i have a life. then the tipping point came for me was the terrible low self esteem, he'd say he's stupid and nobody wants him and everyone hurts him yada yada. god i have such a horrible taste in my mouth. not to mention he doted on me like he was in love.. creeped me out. i posted a joke meme on ig about needing someone to send me good morning beautiful texts every morning. i woke up to a good morning beautiful text. this kid is a fruit loop. our conversations were so awkward, he reminded me of those kinda guys that wears fedoras and says m'lady to women. so i feel kinda bad because i had composed a message on how we weren't compatible and he couldn't even hold an adult conversation but when i was about to send it i decided fuck it and just ghosted him, deleted and blocked him from everything. he annoyed me so bad i honestly don't care about his feelings and i think imma stick to just not dating again for a while. ugh.	11
i watch fortnite porn to dislike it	0
i'm pretty sad guys alright guys, so despite the fact i like girls and even some guys, i'm still stuck all bi myself (ba dum tsss)	2
having trouble getting over a relationship. they lied about things; but i still love them like a family member... throwaway account because people know my main one. i'm having a real hard time getting over a relationship with someone i built a bond with. to preface; they have issues they are getting help with. we met online 2 and a half months ago and i fell in love with them. i gave them money because they needed help and bought them stuff to keep them happy with anxiety and depression. after awhile they found someone and i didn't know the truth behind things until recently. they lied about things and i don't blame them for what they did. they're young and have mental health issues. i moved on when they found someone else and eventually found someone myself; but we created a bond. i can't say i didn't get jealous for a bit and kinda made them mad; but i wasn't meaning to do the stuff i did. i apologized and i know i have problems too. we both went too far on things. they learned their lesson and are getting help. medication and therapy. i learned too. they helped me and i helped them and i love them like a family member! i know they feel bad about what they've done; but i don't blame them for anything. i understand they have issues. they want to start fresh and by doing so leave me and i'm crushed. they don't want to talk to me. i just want to be a friend! i don't want to be a constant reminder of what they did. i never wanted to be the one who caused them problems. i also at least got them help. the way they were going; something was gonna happen anyway. i hope they can put it in the past and we can talk again one day.... i feel like i lost a lover, family member, and friend... i just worry about them and i love them! i kinda just want to die. help me! edit: i guess here i'm just gonna say it because age and gender has to be included. sure they won't see this anyway....so for more context we're both male. they said they were 18 and strung me along through this to get things that would calm their anxiety a bit. worked for awhile.....i guess in the end they had to be honest that they were 16. i don't blame them; like i said. sooooooooo much pain tl;dr: met someone online. talked for a bit. fell in love with them. they met someone and we both moved on from that part; but wanted to stay friends. they actually lied about their age and felt bad about it and finally told me. they left me to worry about them because i still love them like a brother. they have anxiety, depression, and other issues and are getting help; i just can't not worry......	14
my nephew is only 18 weeks old but i can already tell we're gonna be close and it's awesome to start off with this is a huge relief for me how much i love this kid. my brother is 21 and he just finished his senior year of college, he's the closest sibling in age to me, i'm 17 and our other siblings are my 24 years old sister and 26 year old brother. when my youngest brother came home from college for summer break last summer he told the family he got his girlfriend pregnant, and we didn't even know he had a girlfriend. between then and when he moved back home for the summer he's obviously been very busy so i've had a struggled relationship with him where part of me resented him for "ruining" my last year having a sibling around but at the same time knowing it wasn't his fault and fearing i'd resent the kid for what it represented to my life. but two weeks ago when my brother and his girlfriend moved into our family home i held the baby for the first time and gave him a goofy look and he laughed and it was the cutest thing i ever saw! i held him up and pretended like he was flying and he loved it. i've been playing with him everyday since then, our favorite games are super baby, me playing him ring a round the rosy on his toy piano, or putting on cartoon theme sons and pretending to play them on the piano. he always gets a kick out of that stuff. he's clearly shown a liking to me because whenever his parents are holding him he smiles at me and whenever he gets upset and they're out of the room i'm the only one who's been able to calm him down. i don't know i'm just so glad i have no more resentment in my heart because i wouldn't trade that kid for the world	1
80s or 90s to vibe with? looking for people to talk to about that topic . preferably a girl cos me too..	9
any other seniors not apply yet? hdjeificidjd my applications are all due in like a week and i haven't even started my essay yet i'm so unmotivated and every day it just stresses me out. every so often i'll look through the prompts and then i'll be like idk which one to pick so i just get stressed and turn my computer off. ughhh i suck lol	4
hey guys i have the meaning to life first person to comment that i can see on this post i'll tell it to	0
bruh wtf, aren't i supposed to be 17? i'm da about to turn 19 but i feel like i should be 17 all of a sudden i think i've just traveled through a wormhole from a parallel universe	10
just passed a half eaten chicken wing on the sidewalk. nature is beautiful ok also idc about yalls opinions on tik tok but should i just start posting i feel like my call to fame could really happen as a college student	3
i just tried to commit suicide never ever doing that again, i almost died	9
merry christmas i got an expensive ass monitor with nothing to actually play on it	7
gamers i've been told i'm supposed to hit 6'0 before 14yo and i'm one excited	0
guess who's in london it's a bit boring tbh but i saw the london eye for the 78th time that was pretty cool	0
my dream is to one day cuddle in bed with a cute boy and we just chill until we fall asleep and we got the window open and wake up and the fresh breeze is coming in and just be relaxing and cuddling till we wanna get up and take a walk or something	13
every time someone says "happy 4th of july" he wishes my dad a birthday. my dad is born on 4th or july and we are not american but everyone is wishing him happy birthday. he was diagnosed with cancer last year around this time and he is final cancer free. i love him so much he is the best dad in this world. happy birthday dad, happy 4th of july i love you	3
we call each other "friends with benefits", but the only thing we share is our homeworks. so "friends of benefits" have been around for quite a time. but i thought it had something to do with physical intimacies, not about physics problems. is it correct in any way to speak that phrase to each other coz we do it so often. maybe i took it too seriously for which she stopped calling that. now i am stuck with my physics as well with my phrase!	14
to people who say u can't make friends online fuck you like nearly a year ago now me and my friends met these girls online and we are still talking and r gonna meet soon and some people r like they r creeps but like nah ik them lol ok enjoy my rant	1
i'm writing this while my 3 month old daughter takes a nap in my arms, and this is the most beautiful day i've ever had. no backstory, just wanted to share how happy i am	6
school in 3 hours and im just chillin smoking fuck yeah delinquency is great especially when people dont care anymore	18
its 8 am and i havent slept yet just got shouted at by my dad for still being awake, little does he know about my crippling insomnia and sleep disabling depression	0
his texts are starting to make me smile, i'm gonna block him this is unacceptable, i cant be catching feelings for anyone	11
i wonder what kylie jenner's vag looks like it's got me wondering... is it also plastic	9
i'm starting summer school tomorrow i have summer school because i failed freaking algebra. i've been home for the past 3 weeks and now i have to go back to school, it's making me sad. wish me luck guys.	2
i am cancelling myself	0
yeah i like wap waffles and pancakes- why are you still here? expecting some horny joke!! smh my head	11
ugly hoes be tryna flirt like "go to sleep " like bih dont mind if i do ^^^i ^^^will ^^^sleep ^^^now	11
i feel like i'm getting caught lacking... lacking in the amount of cute femboys in my dms	2
being a forgetful dad tifu, well yesterday now, by letting down my daughter and her new friends at our very first swim meet. my daughter and her new friends in her swim club had arranged, with their parent's knowledge and my wife's, to go do a corn maze after their very first swim meet as a kind of reward to themselves. i had apparently been told a month ago about this. so at the end of the day i'm waiting outside the changing rooms for herself and she comes trotting out and asks can we go to the corn maze. i thought it a strange request as it's late october in canada after a day that's already 12 hours since we left our house with a 2 hour drive yet to go and i shoot her down for it, explaining that the fields have probably all been harvested in any case. in front of the other parents and the two friends. i have no idea why they said nothing, and no idea why my wife said nothing all day even though we were all sitting close to each other. nobody clued me in until we're already in the car for half an hour and i just feel like a terrible father. anyway, it isn't much but i feel like an asshole dad and i needed to share. tl:dr . i forgot about a big deal playdate and feel apocalyptically bad now	4
moms: what does it mean when you say you can tell your child is their so's first love/so? so my boyfriend (24m) and i (21f) have been dating 7 months. our relationship is going strong and i am 1000% in love w him. it's worth mentioning that he is my first boyfriend, and he has had multiple relationships before ours. his parents were up visiting him and they got onto the topic of how my boyfriend and i met and how we were doing and whatnot. their conversation goes something like this: mom: are you /mom-fuckoffmyreddit's first love? my bf: yeah i'm actually her first boyfriend, too mom: [not in a bad tone or anything, just kinda in a therapist tone, i guess(?)] oh, yeah that makes sense i thought i could tell you were her first his parents have only had good things to say ab me and i doubt she meant this in a negative way. i'm just curious what she actually meant by it!?! lol could anybody fill me in? i'm definitely going to have him bring it up again to find out but just thought it would be worth it to see if another mom could break it down for me cheers tl;dr: boyfriends mom said she could tell he is my first love/boyfriend. what does she mean?	1
hey girl, are you a sex robot? because i want you by my side all the time since everyone else ignores me	2
a hot alt girl should fuck me or something im just kidding.... unless someone was down	5
please help my nana get her 15 minutes of fame! hi reddit! my nana tried out my brothers vr game a few days ago. when my mom told her she had 400 views on facebook, my nana said, "really?! how many does it take to go viral?!" & now she asks everyday how many views the video has. so, could you please take a second to click on the link to the video and maybe leave a comment? i'm trying to brighten her day just a little also... if you do watch a little of it.. do not have the volume up super loud haha thanks!! [link](<url>)	3
i wanna show you guys my bong i made with an arizona bottle part of a pen and aluminum tin foil took me a while but it should get the job done	18
taking a popular meme and making it a text post doesn't make it original	0
lol i just got kicked out of media club i installed a virus on a few computers during media club and my teacher that defends pedophile teachers kicked me out . lowkey funny af.	1
"chilling adventures of sabrina" has a theo problem not the character himself, but how they've chosen to represent him and his journey from susie to theo. at first i thought having a character going through that experience would be a positive thing for younger people or anyone in that position, but his arc has taking a troubling turn in season 2 that i have a problem with. in season 2, episode 4, "dr. cerberus's house of horrors", some of the characters are given a tarot card reading, the results of the prediction are shown to the audience in a fantasy "what if" sequence and usually end badly for the character. the episode seems to be an homage to "the simpsons" treehouse of horror halloween episodes. i've only watched sabrina's and theo's sequences so far, i'll admit, so i'm hoping this is just a cautionary tale episode and not how they plan to treat theo for the rest of the series. (#'s "in theo's sequence it opens with him talking to himself in the mirror and telling himself he better get used to what he sees because that's as good as it gets since he and his dad can't afford any surgeries. theo's ghostly ancestor, dorothea, shows up to encourage him to ask the spellmans for "help". theo worries they'll say no and sneaks into their house to look for a recipe or spell, which he conveniently finds in the first place he looks (i guess humans can just perform spells on themselves?). he's thrilled the next morning when he wakes up with a well-muscled chest and arms. the guys on the basketball team, who usually treat him with contempt, now talk to him like he's a friend. theo is so thrilled with his new life that even when he discovers the spell went wrong, resulting in his arm rotting and turning to wood, he would rather chop his arm off than entirely give up his new body (aunt hilda outlines those as his 2 options). the horror twist is supposed to be when he wakes up the next morning and discovers his legs have both turned to wood, but i was horrified by much more than that. first of all, the show treats theo wanting surgery like it's normal, like that's what everyone who's transgender should want. that isn't always the case, depending on the person, and it's dangerous to peddle that as the norm, especially a teenage transgender norm. the show also strongly insinuates that theo won't be happy and comfortable in his own body until he's had these surgeries that give him, what he perceives as, an ideal body. i found this especially alarming because i looked up what age people can start receiving surgeries if they're transgender, and they can't have them until they're a minimum of 18. no doctor would perform surgery on anyone under that age so the show is reckless in depicting that as something that theo could have, even if he and his dad had the money. at the most, if theo wanted to become a boy, at his age he would be starting on hormone replacement therapy.") this is what annoys me about the show sometimes. if you're going to try and represent sensitive issues, please do so in a responsible, well-researched and well-thought-out way	7
young and conflicting so i'm 19 about to turn 20 this month, my boyfriend is 22 turning 23 in september. we live together, and have been together for one year and 4 months (sounds crazy when i type it out). i absolutely love him, and he is the closest i've ever been to anybody before. here is some important background! i have clinical depression and anxiety, and have kept my distance from most people. i don't even talk with my best friends much, maybe once every two weeks! i've always been thinking about if he is someone i really want to marry or spend the rest of my life with. and i do want him! but i think we want different things, and i don't know if we would be happy with each other in the long run. i kind of want to break up because i question our relationship, and think that it is not fair to him and i need to let him find someone who wont. i feel terrible knowing that we cuddle every night and i think these thoughts. i cant tell if its me being self destructive and selfish, or if i'm being rational but paranoid. we already told each other that we would be together forever and we say i love you multiple times throughout the day. i feel its wrong to promise that and regret it but at the time i truly felt it. i don't want to hurt him because i want the best for him. i'm scared that if i break up i'll regret it and not be-able to get him back and become suicidal. i need advice should i end it or am i thinking regular things that someone would in a longer term relationship?help tl;dr love partner but want to breakup due to different values, and effort. is it right to end a relationship based on different views? and to break promises about our future together?	13
boyfriend hiddens photos app. help i found a hidden photos app on my boyfriends phone. he has old photos of his ex to porn photos saved and even fb photos of chicks that they post to their own facebook saved. i get men are visual and use photos and porn i don't care about porn. i do however care very much about his ex (we had an issue about her previously) and the photos of girls from fb i just find weird. we have sex often and he's always very well satisfied. any tips on why he has these in his phone and if he should delete them. i confronted him about it and he in turn gets mad at me for going through his phone. by the way figuring out this hidden app and how to get the code was hard work. if we hadn't had issues previously with him talking and sharing explicit photos and comments with other girls before we moved in together including his ex i would be less mad and i do know these aren't recent but is there a deeper meaning? should i leave him? or is this just what men do... i truly don't know if this is normal for men to do.	15
i want.. goth gf who 1. spits in my mouth 2. crushes me with their thighs is that too much to ask for	13
yeah i'm a girl who is horny right now. doesn't mean i'm stooping to the low of dming redditors lmao	0
i messed up. watched horror movies in the dark. i'm now paranoid lmao i'm a grown ass man and i ain't embarrassed in admitting that i have fucked up lol. my pups are with me but the darkness is imposing	1
guys, just tasted pussy juice. later virgins p.s. can someone tell me how do i get cat hair out of my blender?	0
i asked out my girlfriend 2 years ago today, we're still going strong after 2 years!	3
my first joke on this sub wife to her husband-	9
i'm overthinking a simple question hey! so i reaaallyyyy like this girl. the other day she joked about how after her last exam on tuesday anyone can feel free to bring her food. (she didn't think anyone was listening when she said it) so i had the idea that i'd buy her some of her favourite snacks but i don't actually know how word it when i want to bring them to her. like "hey i got you some food are you around?" everything i think of sounds cringy and i'm definitely overthinking this. i'm super nervous around her and don't want her to think i'm weird. if someone could help me word this that would be amazing. :))	12
i got ghosted after what i thought was a great first date! hey y'all! so i went on my first date on saturday last week with a friend of a friend. the date went great or so i thought. we spent 5 hours together just talking and sharing, he seemed genuinely interested in me he even suggested we go on a second date to get to know eachother more. he dropped me off to my house and he texted after he got home to tell me he had a lot of fun and that he thought i was "beautiful, intelligent and nice". since then he hasn't texted so i texted him on monday just asking how he's been, he replied with a one word answer and that's it! i know this isn't r/relationship nor r/dating bit i just needed to get this off of my chest! this was my first date ever and i'm 25! i was really excited like reaaaally and after the date and he's text i thought maybe this could work you know? and now i feel like sh*t (sorry) i feel so bad i can't even cry it's weird. i 've been through a lot in my life but there's just something different about being let down like that, also note that my self-confidence isn't the best so this really hits a nerve! anyway i'm just sharing in an attempt to feel better i always read you guys and thought i'd give it a try too! have a lovely day everyone (sorry for bad english)	8
not to be gay on main but i wanna hold hands with a girl and say "i love you" to a girl and exchange little cheek kisses with a girl and hhh want a grlrend im a lonely gae gal	2
okay hypothetically if i were to be horny and want to be between someone's thighs, who would want to volunteer	5
u/kayalexandraaa you better not have fallen asleep on me we were gonna pull an all nighter together	2
boyfriend didnt get me anything for valentine's day and now my birthday me f22 him m25 the tile kinda says it all but he is amazing we've been together for some time now, and he's had a lot going on during the times of these events. i just feel like when it came to these things he just didn't care maybe because he is there for every thing else he didn't think it be a big deal but. ive got him a cards or at least something for valentines day and his birthday. he is there for me in every other way i am looking for a way to tell him that it made me kinda sad without sounding ungrateful for everything else	2
i thought i saw a pansexual pride flag but it wasn't got me happy for a second	19
do any other girls on here play minecraft? my friends think it's funny that i've been playing for hours now. we used to all play in like 5th grade but i got it back and am on that grind again	0
i am being on line bulyed i did not cheet hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad hoes mad	4
being emotionless that must mean you have no emotion duh	10
goodbye loves im burnt out have a good day <3	2
shy girls with anxiety are cute but i'll still help them feel better if they're my gf	13
shirtless boys on r/teenagers	5
lmao my friend tried to choke me to death today (as a joke) well the jokes on them i don't feel pain in my neck because of a skating accident when i was 11	0
niggas really be getting off to ghast moans ********************************************	2
somebody has to fix the "20" and put a "21" in the repost chain the 20 stands for 2020 and i put the wrong date	4
i went onto this thread not long ago asking for money to buy food, and someone actually gave me some money. this has to be the greatest thing that ever happened to me. seriously. so maybe 2 hours ago, i posted on this thread asking if i can get money for food since i was broke. i didn't expect anything of it, i got some rude comments on it so i decided to take it down. not too long after, a kind soul messages me through pm saying they saw my post, and asked how much money i needed. this is when my night was blessed. [these are the screenshots of the texts they sent me](<url>) i couldn't believe this, as i've never met someone who was willingly going to give me money. especially someone they didn't know?? i was so confused and happy at the same time. then they did something i didn't expect. they sent me $20. $20 fucking dollars! i know if $20 isn't a lot , [but for me in this moment, it was the world.](<url>) i just wanted to share this because there is still good in the world. there are people looking out for us and we don't even know it. they said to pass on the good vibes, and that's exactly what i'm doing. never hesitate to lend a hand. be there for those who need you, or are in need. because you'll never know when it's you. thank you skylovesmilk, for making this one memorable ass night. look how many of us you made happy tonight. i will always remember you [here's some pics of us grubbin lol ](<url>)	3
there's a hole in my pants and i'm not wearing underwear and you can see my balls when i'm sitting down	5
just had a thought on my way to work... in our childhood/early teens, we could t think of anything worse than being grounded. the fact of knowing you weren't allowed to go outside was torture. but yet as adults we couldn't think of anything more blissful	1
day: 18 |	0
reasons why it wouldn't be a good idea to get emotionaly engange with me i don't own any spoons, wouldn't it be sad to eat love soup with me?	4
my family just bought a new car. i'm sitting in the dealership waiting on them to get it ready for us. it's a brand new crossover, we're trading in our old mid-00s van for it and we're getting more back than we probably could've gotten selling it. we have a lot of memories in that old van, it's gonna be sad to see it go. then again it's ancient and looks it. bye town & country any advice or stories about new or old cars?	14
unpopular opinion i miss all the depressed stories on this sub what happened, yesterday it was just a little incely why is it mega incely today the depressing stories are better than this, ong	5
in sorry for making a sexist joke i put a sexist joke on a chatroom and got banned it was ------- a guy invites friends over to have wings after they leave, the guy goes to the kitchen and finds the dishes clean he says "i don't remember inviting a girl over"	1
looking for a friend hi i'm ben, i haven't really got a huge amount of friends and i tend to just stay inside playing video games. a suggestion was made to me that i should start talking to people more so if anyone wants to make a new friend these are my social media's: twitter:pixelhunter990 instagram:prismobox990 psn:prismobox990 or contact me on my dms here on reddit! thanks guys! 🏼	18
comrade creek discord server!! if anyone is seeking a comfortable, relaxing, funny at times server, let me know! this place offers support, art, gaming, and more stuff. for anyone that's lonely or needs a place to chat with people that don't know them yet, this place is it. additionally, we would love to have y'all. - bree	3
any ideas on what to eat that has protein& carbs? a few months ago i started weightlifting and i was told i needed to consume probably 2x what i normally ate (at the time i thought what i ate was already too much) so at first i really hated having to eat so much more than i was capable of. as time went by my stomach expanded but now i just really hate eating in general. eating takes so much time especially when you have to eat 6 meals a day tbh if i could afford it i'd be consuming protein power for every meal and a granola bar for crabs. at the moment i can't do that sooo... any suggestions on what to eat that has protein and carbs? running out of stuff to eat..	7
i held a girls hand i grabbed it when she was hitting me and she kicked me instead later virgins	0
i got drunk last night n lemme tell you... getting drunk is always the highlight of my week man! good food, good drinks, good music, good company love my family n friends	3
hey so does anybody wanna talk? lonely gang pm me! :)	0
i never understood the meaning of life until.... this is my first post ever so please be constructive and positive i'm a new mom! i'm turning 30 and never thought i would have the chance to make my own family. when i was 18 i was diagnosed with pcos (polycystic ovarian syndrome). my doctor wasn't the most informative or willing to try to treat me. he told me i had a severe case (no period in over 2 years, many cysts) and that i most likely never conceive and if i did i would most likely miscarry. i told people i didn't want to get married or have kids because i was embarrassed. i felt like a failure and didn't want to commit to my bf (we've been best friends beforehand for many years) because i knew he deserved a family and i thought i couldn't give him that. i would cry and contemplate why i was even here when i couldn't even do what women were put on this planet to do. (please no comments from sjws, thanks in advance) fast forward 6 years, i'm now 24yo. i've moved 2500 miles away from the only family and friends i knew to gain new perspective. my bf ended up quitting his job and moving away from the only family he knew to start over with me. he said kids and marriage wouldn't make him happy but that being with me would. he's such a great person. he would encourage me to go to the doctor, get a second opinion, discuss plans and treatments and supported me in my weight loss journey (lost 150 pounds!). we got married in 2015, bought a house in 2017 and adopted 2 sweet doggos along the way. it's now 2019 and 7 weeks ago we welcomed our son dean. i have never felt so complete. i cannot imagine not being a mother or being married to my best friend. i cannot believe that at some point a doctor made me believe this was not possible. i see the value in all life, i'm empathetic to others and have patience. my heart is broken for others who have lost. i'm filled with joy for others finding their happiness. i was truly granted the most blessed life when i felt the most undeserving. anyone out there feeling the way i did, please know that you do deserve love, a family and you are worth everything! thanks for listening even though the best part was getting to write it down...	6
this was on the note of my rose for valentines day "dear ***** we know you have a hard time at school and u keep it to yourself, we hope we can cheer you up with this " this was on the rose i received today, people could mail their teachers who they wanted to send a rose to. i dont think someone did it, no way it are people from my class. i do appreciate it, but i kinda wished it was from this girl. i know its not from her no way.	3
the sexual tension between me and the person i just falsely accused of being impostor in among us after i self reported filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	17
possibly giving myself a concussion today was supposed to be a productive day. i felt decent this morning even though i only got four hours of sleep (mistake number one was not going back to bed at that point). instead, i slugged down an energy drink and got to work cleaning the house. hours later i was definitely feeling the effects of short-changing myself on sleep. i was starting to drag but figured i could make it through the day and just make it up that night by getting extra sleep. so there i was, juggling loads of laundry, dusting ceilings, washing dishes, scrubbing the bathroom - for some reason i had *everything* on my list to clean today. halfway through the day i noticed with dismay that i wasn't making nearly as much headway on said list as i would have liked - because i was freaking exhausted and crawling through tasks at this point with the speed of a drugged turtle. so what do i do? nap and do some of it tomorrow? oh no, that would have been the logical and sensible solution. instead, i decide to crack open another energy drink (mistake number two). i mean, it worked, so there is that. it perks me right up and i start cleaning out the fridge. i've got music playing on my phone and i'm singing along with it rather enthusiastically. all is well, except i'm pretty jittery at this point from all the caffeine - because i'm also drinking my way through most of a two-liter of diet mountain dew along with these monsters. i know, not the best decision ever. anyway, i decide to crouch down in front of the fridge to finish cleaning it out. that done, i went to stand up and pretty much leaped up full force, chock-full of excess energy from so much caffeine. a second later i find myself on the floor actually seeing stars. i'd cracked my head *hard* on the underside of the freezer door handle when i jumped to my feet (the fridge door was still open at this point so my head was in the perfect spot for this mini disaster). apparently while jumping up i was moving way faster than i realized, because i now have a giant lump on my head and a headache way worse than the nasty tension headaches i deal with daily. on top of that, all of the muscles in my neck and down into my shoulders seem to instantly get some sort of whiplash effect from this whack on the head and they all scream in protest and begin hurting. i can't even form coherent sentences for a minute or two so i just end up squawking out a few almost-words while curled up in pain on the floor. to add insult to injury, when i'm able to sit up i notice that my cat is watching all of this unfold with a decidedly judgmental look on his face. probably labeling me as an idiot in his head. so i get myself together enough to stand up and open the freezer and dazedly grab a bag of peas. i plop it on my head and immediately decide that it hurts worse that way, but i leave it on my head anyway. but not for long, because now i feel like i'm going to puke and my head is throbbing so badly i can't even think straight. i end up in bed (oh the irony) and decide for some reason that it makes perfect sense to take a picture of the top of my head so i can see how bad the lump is. i take and look at *five* separate pictures before i finally realize that my hair is too thick for me to see much of anything besides...hair. so eventually i give up on that. at this point i just want to sleep. i'm exhausted, in pain, and on the verge of throwing up. so of course i can't sleep no matter how much i try. i pop an 800 ibuprofen and pray it helps (and later read on a random website that ibuprofen isn't recommended for concussion pain). of course, at this point i haven't quite yet realized that i might have a concussion. i figured i hadn't knocked myself out so that meant i was good on the concussion front (also wrong as i later found out). so i spend who knows how long in bed just trying to sleep, trying not to puke, with this sad little half a bag of rapidly-thawing peas on my head again to try and make the lump go away. i manage to message my so at some point during this attempted nap to share my tale of misery. i assure him i will be fine, so he doesn't come home but he checks up on me throughout the day just in case. i finally give up on sleep, get back up, and trudge through some more of my to-do list. because you know, of course for some reason i think *that's* a good idea at this point . so eventually gets home from work and asks how my head is. i gingerly feel my head to see if the lump is any smaller. it is, but touching it also intensifies my headache and muscle aches, neither of which have gotten any better all day despite taking the 800 earlier and two tylenol at some point after that. so now it's 1 a.m., i'm so tired i can't sleep (as if that makes any sense at all), my head is simultaneously throbbing and feeling like someone is crushing it in a vise, my neck and shoulder muscles are knotted up something fierce, i'm still nauseous, my entire body aches from sheer exhaustion, and i have to be up early in the morning to let a repairman into the house. one of my muscle relaxers might do the trick to knock me out, but getting one from the medicine cabinet right now is way too much effort to even consider. tl:dr - drank way too much caffeine today, whacked my head on the freezer door handle by standing up underneath it, gave myself a nice lump on the head. and maybe a concussion to go along with it. or not, who knows. fingers crossed for "not".	11
i hate when people turn down my music like bitch, i was listening to that	16
got an interview tomorrow morning wish me luck	0
slugsoul is nothing but extreme coolness u/slugsoul hi	16
guys i finally got a gf! it was so tiring and so difficult to dig her up. she doesn't have eyes anymore but she still hasn't completely turned to bones. best thing about her is that she doesn't ask questions and doesn't try to call the police like the last girl i picked up from the elder house. anyways it's time for us to enter the bone zone. later virgins	0
if i ever meet someone famous is asking for a photo w/ them a bad idea? it's always cool to get to take a photo with someone you look up to or who you've always wanted to meet, but is it rude to ask? i mean like they probably get asked all the time, but i don't just wanna not say anything at all if i ever do meet someone. do you think it's okay to ask for photos or would it be better to ask for something else like a hug instead?	10
an awkward memory when i was in high school, i went over to my girlfriend's house for dinner. i was getting up to get something from the fridge when one of her moms said something about how her sons and i could eat a lot more food at subway then her and her partner, and her partner replied that "[girlfriend's name] can eat as much as those boys, she can eat a whole footlong" so i said "i know she can " and, immediately realizing what i'd said, clunked my head into the fridge hard enough to knock off a magnetic calendar. i'm still dating the same girl.	17
my mom killed herself happened a few years ago, and it took me a while to get it over. support from my wife has been crucial, as well as from health professionals (therapist/psychiatrist) i have also got to know many people who lost a close relative (fathers, sons, brothers) as part of a therapy group, and all stories are equally dramatic. the wound that remains to the people that stay is terrible, and i wouldn't anyone go through what i have been. my mom was sick, and she was the last person anyone would think she would kill herself. she was kind, good friend of her friends, and totally devoted as a mother to her children. she had a chronic desease that went on for years. no one thought her pain was so high didn't tell anyone, didn't give any subtle sign even for intimate friends and close family that knew her even better than i did. nobody expected this. she was so discrete that except my brother, her partner, my wife and i know that she comited suicide. she left a note, and prepared the money for her funeral. everything was carefully planned. her death was silent, case was closed by the police on the same day. nobody outside the people who found her knows the truth, and will never do. we want our mother to be remembered as the extraordinary, kind and wonderful person she was, not by how she left this world. i wish i could have understood her better. i wish i realized in how much pain she was. i wish she never took this decision. now i have learned to live with this wound. i have forgiven. no guilt feelings anymore. i miss you mama, everyday. rest in peace. p.d : sorry for any gramatical errors, not native english	3
anyone? i'm hella bored rn, if anyone wants to talk. lmk, cause like i'm about to die over here.	1
how do you feel about online chat rooms? so i know a lot of you use reddit to meet new people, but as of lately i decided to try my luck with old school online chat rooms and i was pretty surprised in a good and bad way. first off, if you read my post history then you'll know i met someone crazy off of a chat room but it doesn't out weigh the good experiences i've had so far. what i think stood out to me the most, was being female and being able to talk to other females. my luck with finding females on reddit to talk to is non existent and i've had so many more conversations with women on chat rooms. you definitely have to weed out the creeps and dangerous people, but i've found some pretty interesting conversations going back to the old school way of talking to people haha. i also realized that if i added up how many people were online in all the given chat rooms at one time, it would probably get close to 10,000 people. omegle is a crap shoot now and reddit only has maybe 200 or less people on r4r and kikpals that are actively online at any given time. i also enjoy the concept of being able to instantly talk to someone, instead of waiting for pm's on reddit and having to type their name in on kik and sometimes wait for whoever knows how long to get a reply (some people message you and then like never check their kik) sorry this was such a long shitpost about online chat rooms, i'm just fascinated that chat rooms are still active and very alive. so do any of you guys use chat rooms or does the thought terrify you?	1
dude i confessed my love to a deaf girl and she literally just kept walking like she couldn't hear me "so... much... pain! so much pain..." -patrick star 2007.	2
stay safe everyone and have a merry christmas	8
what's your favorite tv show that grabbed your balls (or pussy) and didn't let go? mine has to be breaking bad or game of thrones or the shield. those are tv shows that grabbed my balls and squeezed and squeezed until i couldn't take it anymore	1
i currently have a $0 balance on 2 of my credit cards and it feels like such a relief!! my fiance and i are six months away from our wedding and between wedding expenses and everyday bills we're making ends meet and have decent savings, but i feel like i'm drowning. we always owe someone money, and we're putting everything on credit cards to get the points (we pay it off every month so we don't get whacked with interest) but they never have a $0 balance because as soon as we pay the card off someone else needs money. money isn't an argument with us because we're not spending frivolously, we haven't gone out to eat in over a month and we barely spend outside of necessities (i'm marrying someone almost as cheap as me! ) but it still stresses me out. right now two out of three of my cards have a $0 balance!!! i know it won't last long but it feels like i'm out of the hole for the moment, you know?	1
me and u/cornhub42 are skipping class. later gamers	0
quit my old shitty job for a job where i make my own on hours (not an mlm) and i couldn't be happier i recently worked for a chain pizza company that always had ridiculous shifts. a 11 hour shift was considered pretty good. but i'll never forget the time i worked a 14&1/2 hour shift and that caused my will to diminish. i work for a 3rd party delivery company and the background check came back clean so i'm starting very soon! this means i won't have to miss my girlfriends sisters wedding which my girlfriend really wanted me to go and i was stressing hardcore cause there was practically no way i would be able to get the time off. but now i'm my own boss have a great day y'all	0
21(f) dating a 26(m) i had to leave and move home , he basically said i'm done now so we've been together since january. things are going pretty well. then i lost my job and i have to move home. he says 1hr is long distance. i personally don't think that it's that bad but he said he'd rather leave things and hopefully be friends or see what happens. what does that mean see what happens , let's try being friends. i personally want to try 'long distance ' but it can't be a one sided thing as it will become sour very fast! i said we shouldn't call any shots until i get another job and see where it is: part of me really wants him to say move in with me. then i can look for jobs back where i was. what should i do	14
bf application yo. i'm 17 i'm a gorl. and this is for git-commit-die.	0
my very first day of college is tomorrow! i just turned 25 last month. since i've graduated high school, i've had no interest whatsoever in college, but breaking off a long and serious relationship last spring made me re-evaluate many things in my life. i've been anticipating tomorrow for the last 5 months, and i'm very nervous but definitely excited i'd love to read advice, anecdotes, or whatever really, from people's own experiences!	19
got left on seen on microsoft teams :( a girl that i've talked to a few times asked me if we had any homework this weekend, i responded and we started talking. we had a good convo for about an hour and she mentioned being single, i said "maybe not for long " , i know that was a huge hail mary type of thing and i wouldn't say that to a girl i was actually pursuing, anyways i got left on seen on microsoft fucking teams which i just think is hilarious.	5
i have a very bad hangover right now i'm pretty sure i told the guy i like that i loved him over snapchat last night. i was so drunk that none of the words typed out right so i don't know if he realised but i definitely wrote the word love and a bunch of other nonsense and i would just like to delete myself out of existence right now	12
i'm in gamerdudes head	0
shopping is awful finally was allowed to go out to london, a place other than trees and forests (i've only been on picnics for 5 months) and i have to say... shopping is terrible.. before you walk in, there's these large bouncer looking type men at every entrance staring at you while you walk in, and it makes it uncomfortable from the beginning. then the shop employees follow you around and keep and eye on you (also very uncomfortable), you can't actually touch any beauty products, like perfume etc... (why would i go shopping if i can't touch or try anything on?) i had the same experience at every other shop, and combined with not being able to breathe under a mask... it was not a pleasant experience. i don't think i want to go back to shopping ever again if that's how uncomfortable it's going to be, i think corona is completely going to wipe out all these types of business and stores, the future will be completely online, and social distanced... and it's scary. anyways, i don't think anyone would care enough to read about what i did today, but if you did, what do you think the future will look like?	1
i'm afraid for santa clarita diet's future. it seems like it's been getting zero placement in netflix's lineups, yet this was my favorite season of it yet! i'm not ready for it to die	4
relax your jaw, peel your tongue from the roof of your mouth, and loosen your shoulders. take some deep breaths, and go kick some ass today. have an amazing weekend everybody.	3
update a friend's [27m] girlfriend [23f] hates me [22f] after discovering our shared nickname for her - that out of context is totally awful. my earlier post[<url>] about calling my friend's girlfriend a jealous vampire got a lot of attention. most of you hate me, and that's fine. i come off nasty and petty when the only thing you know about me is that i did something nasty and petty. i could write you a novel about how i saved a kitten once or whatever but it wouldn't change anything relevant to this. that said, there have been some weird developments, there was a lot more to this whole ridiculous argument, and if only for your amusement, here's the rest. i don't really need advice on this one, going forward nate will be blocked, contacting me or emily *will* result in a formal report to the university on both our parts. a lot of you asked why he slept over/mentioned that that was stupid. why has we gone drinking at all? that's true, it was, we shouldn't have. it was late at night when this all went down and the only things open were pubs. i honestly thought a chat in a public place would look better than him running to my place for comfort or whatever. he then missed the last bus home and stayed because taxis are expensive. the apology was badly worded - i was upset and tired, and trying. i know it wasn't a real apology and i have since spoken to her and actually said the words "i'm sorry". when i said i would "win" in the comments i didn't mean that i thought getting rid of kate was "winning". basically when i met up with nate he started to go on about how this was kate's fault. i shut him down and told him it wasn't, and he proceeded to tell me that if it came down to it he'd always take my side... knowing what i know now i get why he said that, and i'm so ashamed i didn't catch on to how fucked up this all is a lot sooner. my friend sent me updates on what she's said *with her permission*. i wasn't sent screenshots or anything, basically just "she's been crying and she told me that there's a lot you don't know". this led to a phone call with the friend acting as a mediator. so back to the story. as mentioned in the comments of the last post, a friend got in touch and told me that kate had reached out saying that her relationship was falling apart and it was my fault. my friend "anna" was told everything kate's been through and was shocked. there's a lot more than any of us had been told, and anna was 99% sure i didn't know about this. she asked kate if she honestly thought i'd be friends with nate if i knew, and she agreed to talk to me. on the phone i immediately apologised properly and she blew me off. she asked if i knew nate was "obsessed with" me, and i told her that we're just friends, the kiss meant nothing, blah blah. yeah, turns out that's not what he told her. shortly after she asked about our past and we were open about it, he admitted to her that the only reason we weren't together is that i'd told him i hadn't felt anything. he had wanted something with me as long as i had up to that point, but where i didn't feel anything, he genuinely thought it could continue. he didn't want to lose me, so he just avoided his feelings. that's bad enough in itself, but he also admitted to that being a pattern. of the girls he's dated, they all seem to be about 5 years younger than him. apart from kate and myself, none of them have been in his department or at any risk of breaking uni rules, but all but one of them do attend my university. he apparently likes "role playing" and asking these girls to pretend to be girls he's into. specifically myself and his ex-girlfriend from a couple years ago. kate flat out refused after she met me - but went along with it a couple times before, because he doesn't *tell them* that the girl they're pretending to be is someone that he actually knows. he got a wig and an outfit (a dress identical to one that i wear a lot, a cheer uniform for his ex) for each of us, and makes them say certain stuff - i can't control what people fantasise about, but to go to this length and not tell your *actual* partner that they're playing your ex or your crush is a little serial killer-ish. anyway, he's also lied about his age. when he met me he said he'd just turned 26 a couple months ago... when he met kate, he'd turned 26 a week ago - probably about a day after we made plans to do something for his 27th birthday she looked at his provisional in passing once and noticed that he a. uses his middle name instead of his first. not that weird by itself, but a bit strange that he didn't tell her. when she asked about it he just said he decided to go by his middle name in sixth form. b. lied about his birthday. his actual birthday is the date he gave me, but he's a year older (28). what he told her was just random and wrong. he justified it by saying he didn't want her to "feel uncomfortable". then got annoyed when she told him that she was definitely uncomfortable, the age gap is almost two years more than she previously thought. c. had an address from a city different to where he said he was from and our uni. she asked him when he'd lived there and he said that it's where his parents lived. she asked why he'd said he was from a different city and he told her it's the city in his post code, the nearest city to where he grew up. but without giving too much away, he essentially told her that the reason his id has a york address on it is that he lived in leeds once and leeds is in yorkshire. not those cities but similar logic. like it made no sense. she knew about the nickname. that wasn't what any of this was really about. she'd seen it a while ago, asked, and been told it was a name *i* called her. he went along with it for fun or whatever. she asked him to stop and he told her she was overreacting. it was still a shitty name and even now knowing my version of events she doesn't like that the joke didn't stop when she stuck around, but she says she probably would have found it funny if i'd told her about it before all of this. instead, she was convinced that nate and i were having some weird affair and distancing ourselves from her with stupid nicknames and lying about what we did when she wasn't around. she doesn't want to see nate again, and while she forgives me for the name thing she doesn't really want to drop everything and be best friends. that's fair. she's asked me to gather her stuff from nate's house and meet her for a chat. she told me she won't make decisions for me but hopes i'll reconsider my friendship after all this. to be honest i don't feel comfortable going to his place after what i know, so anna is going to come along. i haven't said anything to him about what i know and don't plan to until we have kate's stuff. i don't think he'll get violent or whatever, but i can see him damaging her things as some petty revenge, and since i've learnt i don't know him at all i can't guarantee he won't react really badly. after anna and i grab her things we plan to contact nate together and tell him that he needs to stay away or we'll report him to the uni. i know he's been very careful about not breaking the rules and hasn't "technically" done anything wrong, but since befriending students and trying for romantic relationships immediately after his restrictions end seems to be a pattern, i'm sure they'd at least watch him and it would look bad professionally. i don't think there's much more to say. like i said, i don't think kate and i will be best friends, but if she wants to stay friends with anyone in the group it's pretty safe to say we're all dropping nate. going forward i'm going to watch what i say and assume anything said about someone without them present is going to get back to them - with or without appropriate context. i'll be better about boundaries and suspicious of anyone who isn't. tl;dr it turns out the topic of my post was a side issue and the reason for the massive shit show that followed had to do with my creepy friend making his hookups pretend to be girls he's infatuated with, including myself. i have apologised properly and while i'm not fully forgiven we're moving forward and taking the appropriate steps to avoid the guy causing more problems.	11
i turned 22 today! and i just realized how much things can change in a year. same day last year, i was a shy girl uncertain about my future. this year, i know my future - i'm entering med school next month, and i've made loads of new friends. i just realized it's okay for things to change, nothing stays the same. my best friend who used to wish me at 12 every year does not wish me anymore. i now have another best friend and uni friends who took over that place. relationships change. it's astonishing how the girls you spent 13 years together in school, who spent the day talking about anything and everything just grow distant with time. many of the friends i used to go to school with are married, and have their own lives. i like to pop in a message every now and then, when their thought pops into my mind. but at the same time, every year, there will always be new people, new relationships and new memories. i realized that every year, i make new friends. some friends stay with you for a long time, some don't. it's okay. you will always find someone who will warm your heart, and that is enough ^(english is not my first language, and while i'm loads better now, i'm still a socially awkward person who has a jumbled head, so my rambling might not be the clearest.)	3
i haven't made any friends on here unless you consider briefly talking to the same person through comments every once in a while but i've enjoyed those brief interactions with people i think i almost prefer it over talking to one person for a long time	18
i procrastinated and then fell asleep, but got all my school work done on time. i had a couple different projects due today for classes in both the morning and afternoon. in my first class of the day(which i'm ahead in), i worked all class on a project due next class, and got it all done(and done well i might add). at lunch i used that time to work on another project, where i basically do all the work for the group i'm in(half the people in the group barely show up), and i got that one done too! once that class came around, i was asked to present and the teacher loved it. i know this might not be super exciting, but i felt like i wanted to tell someone, it's really nice to have this work off my shoulders !	9
tifu by bringing home a rusty bottle that turned out to be a bomb. this happened a few years ago. i'll start with the back story, in the early 90's i lived on a tiny island in the middle of the pacific ocean, kwajalein. it is now a missile defense base for the us armed forces but it featured prominently in wwii, you can look up the details but i think it was shelled for multiple days by the largest us armada ever assembled- or so says the island folklore- before the united states took it back from japan. total population in the 90s time is roughly 2000 and everyone knows everyone... for better or worse. anyway, so i'm about 6 years old, it's summer, and i just learned to ride my bike with no training wheels; i'm basically king of the world. i tell my mom i headed to my friends house (less than a mile away) and so i get on a pedal that direction as fast as my 17inch legs can take me. my best friend, let's call him g, meets me half way as our parents always arrange and we start towards his house,... but wait! what's this right beside the road? a giant sand pile, it must be 60 feet tall (to a 6 year old) and it is impossible to resist. so we do the natural thing and throw down our bikes and jump right in to see what kind of treasures might be awaiting us in this (newly excavated) unexplored territory. we dig for a while pulling out shells and neat looking rocks until something bigger catches our eye. it's a huge rusty bottle! what could be inside? what could it mean? why have i never seen anything like this before?! we naturally decide it is the most valuable of our treasures, and so we decide we half to get it home, unfortunately it weighs about 10lbs so we have to choose between the bikes and the treasure. easy choice. the big metal club bounces down the road as we, kick/drag/drop it all the way back to gs house to impress his family with our excavation. just as we make it to the front door of his house in the "new" housing section (basically this was just 6 or 7 rows of military town homes, probably housing around 60 - 80 families total) his dad opens the door, his smile at seeing our little sweaty, pudgy, faces quickly fades however as he notices the huge, brown, roughy cylindrical, pile of rust we have just dumped at his feet with pride. he, having been trained to recognize uxo, quickly realizes that we have just thoughtfully delivered a wwii era 81mm mortar round directly onto his doorstep the next moments flew by as the entire neighborhood was cleared out, the bomb squad was called, and we were sent outside the parameter of 200 meters from our precious treasure we had so arduously worked for. needless to say everyone on the island new what had happened in about 37 seconds and who was responsible for interrupting their dinner time with a literal bomb. the next week in school we learned all about how to recognize and avoid uxo and to never play in excavated sand (btw, my mom, who was beyond embarrassed but also pissed that her child was the one who almost killed half the island) raised hell about them leaving that out without filtering it through, they finally did and found 3 more, and larger, bombs in the same pile and a japanese grenade on the playground, and they discovered that the convenient piece of metal that stuck out of the ground at the golf course that everyone used for teeing off was actually a torpedo.... since then uxo recognition is done every year at the elementary and high school there and they filter through every construction sand pile. as an aside, unfortunately not everyone was as lucky as us, on a near by island that no longer has a us presence (and therefor no bomb squad) a 12 year old marshallese boy was killed by a uxo detonation. tldr: brought home wwii mortar as a child, while neighborhood was evacuated, parents were mortified, everyone had to have education about uxo for ever-after. [link about uxo in rmi](<url>)	6
so apparently guys being clueless isn't justs a meme a friend just told me one of our mutual friends likes me like it was the most obvious thing in the world and i had no idea so yeah that happened	10
i cant fucking pee been chillin on the toilet for like an hour now but even tho it feels like i have to piss really really bad nothing comes out	19
this is my favorite subreddit. it's almost the only subreddit that i'm active on. thank you all for being so fun and nice. love you no homo	3
something i've noticed lately.. is it just me or all of a sudden there has been a lot more posts on this sub about how all of a sudden everyone got to spend time with their crush and what not over this weekend	10
i did it boys (long) this girl goes to my school and i never had any classes with her or anything. we talked a lot on snap, got along great. at this point she was in a toxic relationship and was hard for her to leave. so one day i decided to ask if she wanted to hang out and she said yes. it was like i knew her already. we clicked really well and i just was star struck. she had enough fun that she wanted to hang out again the next day. luckily i was free and we went to top golf. it was as just as great as last time. that night she reviled feelings for me and i said it was mutual. she said it would be hard because now ex boyfriend was her band partner. we worked through it and now are basically dating. she is my absolute dream girl and i'm just insanely happy. i just don't know when i should attempt to hold hands and kiss help	1
just found out obama isn't president anymore this is so sad. can we hit 420 followers on twitter?	2
i forgot to tell you that you're cute yesterday im sorry ^you're ^so ^fucking ^cute	2
depressed. brothers ex gf filled for full custody today even though she told social she had no problems with him seeing his kid. pretty much title. they are both not angels. however this is what she did to the first two fathers so we knew it was coming but brother didn't see it. i didn't really get to see my niece before since no one wanted to go to their house because of her. now i probably won't see her till she is 18. my brother is heartbroken. she is his life. i'm worried he might hurt himself if he doesn't get shared custody.	2
my life is an failure. so i had a girlfriend... im sad but had. she were my classmate and those things were you know, cringey, so we decided to live as a couple out of the school, ofcourse we kissed each other at the school start and at the end. so, once i was at her house, we got an sleepover, just her and i. everything was good, i was naked, she aswell. but then that happened.... i could not fit in... she were just too tight. i felt embarassed to ask so i did not even got that. i was sad and that so... thoughts of my sad life?	10
my daughter stayed home sick the past two days, and we're bonding over friends :) so as a teen, i absolutely loved the show friends. my boyfriend, now husband, and i used to watch it together so much that we would talk about the characters like they were our real friends lol my daughter is 13 and has stayed home from sick the past two days. she started a friend's marathon and we've been doing nothing but running through episodes the past two days. it's been awesome to have her start in on it herself and be able to share it with her. i think we'll move on the will and grace after this to keep this nostalgia train rolling she doesn't get all the jokes, but that's just fine. i love how much she loves the characters.	6
feel like a big loser hi guys, i just got declined from a fast food company for a part-time job. i just moved to the us about 2 months ago. just recently got my green card so i threw myself out for several part-time job and only got 1 interview reply which i blew it up. after that, i've applied for several jobs but still haven't heard anything back yet. i feel so terrible and lost. so i just want to talk about it on here and release some of my stress. thank you for reading	6
im not like other boys when i ask out my crush she says no	0
what's the best step forward for me (20m) and my ex (22m) if we were to give it another go? hello everyone thank you for reading this and hopefully responding so my ex broke up with me about three weeks ago and it has been the worst time of my life! the breakup wasnt what i wanted at all and it wasnt what my ex wanted to do either. although we did break up he is a part of me that i cant let go and need in my life and the love and connection we have runs so deeply that i want to make it work! our relationship has/had alot of issues mainly down to me and my emotional state and processing and i know and want to make that change. i've booked counselling for myself to try and sort myself out and i'm hoping that understanding my brain will help. we started talking again the other day and although we got our wires crossed and have each other the wrong messages i believe that he does want to be with me and that i want to be with him. we are both although me more than him are worried that we make each others mental health worst and i'm desperate to find a good and safe first step forward for us. if anybody has any idea on what we should do moving forward it would be amazing to hear and thank you in advance! tl;dr: my ex and i broke up due to mental health and i want to know of any options forward we could take to be together and be happier?	6
i have 14 followers on reddit later my dudes	0
navigating my (30f) relationship with a man (35m) that treats me really good so, i'm gonna be honest i have a lot of work to do on myself. i've been in numerous terrible, unhappy, abusive relationships. it's no coincidence that i kept finding myself in back-to-back relationships, one after another, with so many of the same issues (infidelity, emotional abuse, physical abuse, dishonesty, hardcore drug abuse, just full blown toxic). i own it. i am the common factor. i have a responsibility in the fact that i allowed this pattern to play out over & over again. i believe that i chose these relationships because of my very tragic & traumatic childhood. my complete lack of boundaries & almost desperate (perceived) need for validation was like a "give me an abusive boyfriend" starter pack. rest assured that i have done a ton of therapy with a wonderful therapist. i checked myself into a substance abuse program, and after that, i began a 12-step program about a year ago and i am still actively working on my recovery from addiction & also recovery from my past abuse. i am much healthier than i've ever been. anyways, that's enough backstory. i (30f) have been seeing a man (35m) for 3 months. i'm certainly not trying to carry over old baggage from failed relationships into this new chapter of my life, but i can't help but think back to those first few months of my previous abusive relationships. it's sometimes hard not to compare, because i certainly don't want to repeat those same patterns ever again. i'm not sure if that's wrong or not. it's very obvious how different this relationship is. the things i was denied in my past relationships - honesty, trust, respect, loyalty, open communication, honoring my feelings, texting me back or simply letting me know when he is busy, sticking to our plans, making an effort to see me, telling me his thoughts & feelings, reassurance, genuine appreciation - are freely given naturally. none of it is forced. none of it is asked for, or even mentioned. it's just given with no conditions or requirements. oh my god! it feels good. by the 3 month mark with my ex boyfriend (28m), the trust had already been been irreparably damaged. shit, by the 3 week mark, i was already having my doubts. but i stuck around for a year. i lied to myself & i lied to the people around me. i was in extreme denial of the fact that i was incredibly unhappy. i think i stuck around to try to prove that i was lovable. i went out of my way trying to show this person how much i cared. i went out of my way to open up & share who i am inside because i thought i could make him love me & treat me how i wanted to be treated. wow. it's crazy to type that into words. i've clearly grown, emotionally, mentally & spiritually. i am a very different person than i was two years ago. & maybe that is the key. i love myself more than ever before. i still hate myself sometimes, especially around my period. i get really bad pms. lol. but the greatest part is that i can share those feelings with my guy & know that he is nothing but supportive. he is so sweet. i still occasionally have little freak out moments where i get paranoid that this is all some big joke. like... am i being punk'd? where the fuck is ashton kutcher?? because i sometimes revert back to thinking that abuse is what i deserve & that there's no way a man would ever want to be with scumbag me. how do i let go of my baggage from the past & give this new & very healthy relationship a fair chance? i don't want to allow my brain to start over thinking & second guessing this because this guy has shown me absolutely no reason not to trust him. generally, i do trust him. but once in a while i have little inner meltdowns & i feel very insecure. how do i stop this? tl;dr --- past abusive relationships --- current guy treats me great which leaves me feeling suspicious that it's too good to be true. how do i leave my baggage in the past & appreciate this new relationship for what it is??? thanks.	8
u/git-commit-die is pog we love him pls don't ban the shitposters this is all we have	2
what do y'all do when people start purposely taking time to respond to msgs this chick is taking 10-20 minutes to reply to my messages so i figured maybe she dosent wanna talk but she's replying wit like full on convos so my guess is maybe she dosent wanna seem weird. god i hate people who do this just respond instantly it pisses me off. don't purposely wait . i just take double the time they to reply when shit like this happens like fuck :/ maybe im in the wrong tho idk	11
i just dropped my opened bag of cheez-its and nothing fell out in the car	0
i'm tired, so i'm gonna go to sleep. feel free to leave whatever you want in here hope you guys have all been having a good night or day, y'all deserve it, y'all wonderful	8
not to flex but i already have a date for valentine's next year. 14 feb 2020	0
if you're a cute girl then don't click too late. you are now legally obliged to comment. in your comment you must state your age (if not in your flair), gender, aspirations, 3 things you like to do, 3 things you would like to do, and a short description of yourself. i will then dm you if i feel like we would get along, and we can talk for a bit. anyone is welcome to comment. you don't have to be a cute girl. you don't have to be a girl at all. the title was just to get people's interest lol. oh, and if you don't comment then you have broken the law and i will get my lawyer u/your_reddit_lawyer on your case. be warned.	5
my teacher is 11 minutes late 4 more minutes and i'm legally allowed to leave	0
i get shy around shirtless boys bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh bruh	5
y'all are cute today fr tho, y'all looking like boyardee's today and i don't wanna hear anyone saying they're ugly or imma get really mad	16
im about to shower guys do i listen to music? wait nvm ima listen to music. thanks for the input guys	18
perspective tl;dr basically it's about an objective perspective of my relationship sometimes it more hurtful when the reality of a relationship is that one of you really wishes that it would work out. my girlfriend has three children and in the beginning of our relationship together, things were rocky as fuck to begin with. things were rocky because, at the beginning of the relationship i was 27, with maybe 2 or three serious previous relationships. "what is a guy like that doing in a relationship like this one?" the closest i've ever been to having a baby was the one time i was afraid because the condom broke mid stroke and i was not sure whether or not i had gotten any of myself inside of the woman. dating a woman who already has three children is by far my biggest challenge yet. and challenging it was. by nature, when i'm a relationship, i am always looking to work things out. by nature, in relationships she would walk out at the first sign of trouble. the concept of anyone ever having any issues related to her children was extremely foreign to her. the concept is extremely new to me so i pretty much spent a lot of time in angst over why she has children and why she is allowing it to affect our relationship...in other words, they would affect the quality of our relationship if the children were constantly in the picture and were offering demands. (i wasn't even able to properly communicate my angst or disapproval in most moments because i felt that bringing children into a new relationship is certainly a no no) anyways, since i had already gotten myself involved, part of me was determined to see it through. in contrast, she only heard"this guy has issues with my children and it's problematic because my children are an extension of me and they go wherever i go." the shortened version of this long story is that when we weren't arguing over issues related to her three children, which would always seem to pop up at anytime, we were laughing and enjoying our time together and that is what i would always fight for. even though most concerns were raised by me, i would also actively be the glue that fought to hold us together. we are currently standing on our last legs and there's no sign of redemption in sight. all that time and effort, wasted. smh. tl;dr basically it's about the objective perspective of my romantic relationship this year	14
i'm basically horny all the time don't blame me	2
kinda wish i was able to say no but for some reason in my head saying no to anything = disrespect and should be punished i want yo fuvking off myself	12
hey um what if i was the dust? could you be another one?	5
how should i find a girlfriend/wife who is 5 to 10 years younger than i am ? tl;dr (this post is already pretty short): hello guys, i'm 21 and in 3rd year of college. i always want to date and marry a girl who is 5 to 10 years younger than i am. well, in order to realize this dream, i obviously cannot date a college (undergrad) girl right now since they are at the age range of 18 to 22. that is to say, for instance, when i reach 67, my wife will be at the age range of 57 to 62. this is a puzzle for me and i don't know how to solve it. how do you guys manage to achieve this? thank you for taking time to read this post and have a great day !	1
telling a girl her flab was "more cushion for the pushin" and ruining a budding romance. long time lurker first time poster. so today (5 minutes ago) i made a mistake, first the context... two days ago i super liked a gorgeous girl whom i'd sort of know 8 years ago. yesterday she liked me back and we started talked. as one is inclined to do we quickly moved off the tinder chat as it's horrible, and onto snapchat. we were flirting well and into each other. today at work we messaged frequently catching up on life and talking. now, a quick note regarding what's about to happen. this girl is super sarcastic and funny. she was busting my chops about complaining about working out so tonight after my workout and shower i sent a somewhat sexy pic (not a nude) to her. she had a great reaction and i thought, awesome, just upped my game. here comes the fu part. she commented that she didn't have abs like mine (not that mine are amazing) and said: "so a little flab is good for you good cuz i have a little of that for sure" (cue the fu) "a little cushion for the pushin" and shit. got. real. unbeknownst to me this girl has struggled with a serious eating disorder for 10 years and went off on my ass. i apologized profusely, assured her i found her gorgeous intelligent, sexy and driven and admired all of that and as proof i super liked her originally. but alas, the damage was done. she's done with me and can't get over how i would say that to a woman. i feel awful for triggering a terrible psychological reaction but it truly was innocent as i would never intentionally say something demeaning or hurtful (especially when i was so attracted to this girl) to a woman or anyone. however...as it was happening and it became clear my fate was sealed, the only thing i could think was that i had to post it on tifu. summary: i told a gorgeous girl her "flab" was more "cushion for the pushin" and she dumped me.	1
ex sending mixed signals **me [17m] and my ex [18f] broke up about three weeks ago.** lately she has been really nice and almost flirty in person. like laughing at stuff i da that is not really funny and then reeealy laughing at stuff i say that is. and also like doodling on my paper during class and writing "you suck". (we sit next to each other), pointing out how veiny my arms are . stuff like that. but then not in person she is really cold seeming. like leaving me on read and two or three word answers. not responding to my streaks on snapchat that day "how is everyone doing". it's like she's two different people. **can anyone explain this behavior?** tldr: ex girlfriend is acting different in person vs over text/snap.	17
kinda wish i could exchange my skin for a new one idk i never thought i'd live this long and i just feel. ugly and gross and i had a realization i'll have to live with certain scars my entire life and i can't fathom the idea of living to an old age and still having them and having to explain them because i can barely handle explaining them now existence is difficult	18
tostitos are only good chips to eat when there's nothing to eat in the fridge i usually don't go for tostitos of given the option to pick out chips. but today i checked the fridge and there's wasn't something good enough to snack on so i see a bag of tostitos: hint of lime on my kitchen table. these are fucking delicious what the fuck don't judge a chip by it's bag	2
how many of you would punch or slap me in the face if you saw me in real life due to my controversial self? i would	10
he wasn't my person... he wasn't my person. i loved him for 2 years. i think he loved me, he just wasn't equipped with the skills to give himself up to love, he didn't have the emotional maturity to commit to one person. i've come to realise he's a narcissist. all the signs were there, i didn't put it all together until recently. my background - was with my husband for 10 years, we were so in love, we were happy, passionate, reliable, adventurous, supportive, committed, had similar values, ambitions, career and life goals. he went into business by himself, the business ultimately failed and the stress of his lack of income and increasing debt contributed to a decline in his mental and physical wellbeing. i supported him emotionally and financially throughout. eventually he left me. my interpretation was that he felt he fucked up one time too many and it was easier to walk away than stay and try to put things right. his repeated attempts to reconcile seem to support this. fast forward a year. i meet a gorgeous, charismatic man, instant physical and soon after, emotional attraction. we spent all our free time together, our lives meshed, we had 'family' days out with his son, lots of amazing alone time, i was happy, i thought we were happy. found out he emotionally cheated multiple times and physically (at least) once. he craved female attention from any source. he needed to maintain online 'friendships' by flirting, sexting and seeking validation from anyone who would provide it. i'm trying not to be disparaging but honestly, he took comfort from attention from any female, i genuinely don't believe he would've pursued a relationship with most of these girls, some were married/in relationships, one was gay, others had attributes he openly criticised etc. etc. etc. i ignored it all for a while until i gained a modicum of confidence and ended it. i'm heartbroken and currently watching 'the notebook' i want real, true romantic love, 100% committed to each other. i'm about to be 43, my options are limited. for now i'm redecorating my house and focusing on work. tl;dr broken me fell for a narcissist who broke me more than i could ever imagine	4
telling a woman with lupus that it's never lupus. so this actually happened yesterday, as is the case with these things. bit of background - 1. i work in cosmetics where asking people in depth questions about their hygiene habits and skin/hair textures is encouraged. 2. i've actually known someone who had lupus, which is where my idiocy comes in later. said person is also fine now (go them!) to the point. woman comes in to work. we small talk a little. she's looking for something for her hair. cool! i go through the motions of determining what would be best for her through a serious of obnoxious questions. she says, "yea. i have a really sensitive scalp. ..." i ask is it like eczema? psoriasis? "no. i have lupus." queue me shoving my foot so far down my throat... being the desensitized asshole i am, chuckled and said, "it's never lupus lol." met with a face of horror and a fist that was debating between meeting my face or not from this poor woman, i tried to defend myself a little. five-10 minutes passed (probably more like -a- minute, but i was in hell) and this poor woman only wanted to curb stomp me more. i felt like i was doing a decent job at defending my stupidity, but nope! so seeing no way out where my dignity is still intact, i leave the issue by saying, "moving on." (side note, her daughter also has a thyroid problem.... ) this could probably go under imgoingtohellforthis too.. tifu by telling an old woman with lupus she doesn't have lupus.	7
my first college lecture was scheduled for this morning at eight and my professor didn't show up. #collegelyf	0
bitches really be out here thinking they arent cute if you think you arent cute then ima just have to say you are wrong fam ur all cute and thats final.	11
calling all epic gamers there is now an *unofficial* destiny 2 clan for r/teenagers! it is called "r/teenagers" (on the nose right) and it is for all platforms. if you play destiny 2 and want join us, look no further than here: [<url>](<url>) also, we have a discord: [<url>](<url>)	0
still feel traumatised from a breakup from over a year ago even though we are back together and totally fine! please help!! my boyfriend [m22] and i [19f] were together for a year, but he very suddenly and unexpectedly ended things due to his family totally not supporting it. i was absolutely devastated. i didn't speak to anyone for weeks, stopped eating, just utterly depressed. we then got back together and have been absolutely amazing since! we now live together and he says he has so much regret and that he wants to wholeheartedly spend the rest of his life with me and i believe him. there are honestly very few problems in the relationship and the ones we do have are that he doesn't put his socks in the laundry basket however, any time i allow myself to think about our breakup i start to feel sick to my stomach and incredibly upset and anxious. if i see something in a film or another person going through something similar i have to stop watching or remove myself from the situation. this isn't normal and i feel like a total freak i know trauma is a strong word but i honestly feel traumatised from the whole experience. i have to watch youtube videos to go to sleep or else my mind wanders back to that day. im literally tearing up thinking about it. all and any advice is extremely welcome tl;dr: the title!	11
i'm going to look so fucking cute tomorrow i haven't gotten dressed up in ages	16
oh no i feel like i'm outgrowing this sub and i'm not even 18 yet this is so sad	2
who else re-watches seinfeld? hey guys! where are my seinfeld fans? this show has given me some of the *best* laughs ever. my last binge rewatch of the entire series back to back was over the summer 3 years ago, but i still re-watch individual episodes. 20 years later and this show is *still* amazingly fun and hilarious! of the millions of scenes that i never stop cracking up for, here's one of them . shout out for [lip reader](<url>)!	1
go to my dms and flirt with me i feel lonely. just be my friend if so	4
i[m20] having thougts of leaving my g[f24] disclaimer: english is not my first language and i'm very bad at structuring sentences. and i just need to get this out here for some reason about me and how i feel: is it normal?!? i fell like i'm going insane sometimes i doze of and think of what could be better instead of appreciate what i have. but the idea of meeting new women and just living the single life is attractive for me for some reason. i've only been with one girl (my current gf) my entire life and i feel like exploring but she is very nice to me. i don't know if i respect her or love her. she has been with a couple others than me and she says that i just "feel" right in some way. i don't know how that feels "just right" since i haven't felt a bad relationship and that is why i don't know if this one is decent or very good. how do i know then it is love i've found? i'm also scared if i'm going to leave her - that i fucked up and it was her i was meant to be with. and most of all i want to stay as friends but she says if we break up there is no way that is going to happen. i don't wanna hurt her. our relationship: we have been together for almost 4 years. we moved together 5 months ago. we have our ups and downs but since the moving it's been a lot of downs. we do talk about us and how we can improve our relationship. her: she is pretty and she has her ups and downs as every human should have. one problem i'm thinking why it may not work between her and me is her family or rather her mom. the mother is controlling her and is texting her very few frequently with stickers and random texts about what she is doing atm. it's a very long story but to keep it short, the mother doesn't like me at all. i don't know what i did or what i've done but the mother is like the pack leader of the family, so every one in the family do not like me except my gf. i think if i am going to start a family with my gf the mother is going to ruin our lives. tl;dr i feel like i'm spending my youth in a relationship which has not good ending and i'm scared to take action in any way.	3
what should i tattoo on my hand in henna nothing too crazy because i have school tomorrow	2
i (20f) don't know how to deal with my boyfriend's (22m) narcissistic sister (21f) i'm sorry in advance for the long rant. my boyfriend's sister is a narcissist and i don't know how to deal with it. we are the same age and we work in the same restaurant. her mom's boyfriend is the manager of said restaurant and that's how we both got the job. i have been with my boyfriend for 3 years and have spent a lot of time with his family over the years but have never had a very good relationship with his sister. sometimes she would be nice and then other times she would blatantly ignore me or make snide remarks about me while i was in the room as if i wasn't there. it always upset me that everyone in their family including my boyfriend had had it made clear, whether directly or indirectly that the one purpose of everyone was to serve his sister, basically she is a princess. even if it is at the expense of their own happiness and emotional wellbeing, if it will make her happy, they must do it. we go to the same university and i see how she interacts with strangers and friends. she is quite popular and has carefully preened this sort of sweet, relatable down-to-earth girl image. however, the way she acts at home is completely different. she treats her mom's boyfriend like crap despite the fact that he adores her. she makes nasty remarks about how annoying he is and how no one likes him. she clicks her fingers and expects to be chauffeured around, she leaves all the household chores to her brother (my boyfriend) and her mom's boyfriend, they both work 6 days a week but she can't do her own laundry because she has college and gets a period once a month (like every woman ever ). my boyfriend works 2 jobs and works 6, sometimes 7 days a week but obviously her time is worth much more, even during his evenings off, he is still expected to pick her up and drop her off. just to clarify also that there is a perfectly functional and safe public transport system where we live. my boyfriend's mom says that there's nothing they can do about it because if she says anything, her daughter will get really angry. she works at the restaurant when it suits her, e.g during college times she is "too busy" (i am also a college student), then during the summer she clicks her fingers and gets 5 shifts a week and the other staff barely receive a single shift a week. she receives an insane amount of scholarship and government assistance money a month and divides them amongst several bank accounts and takes money off her family whenever she wants it because she's "broke". she saves up for multiple holidays a year with friends. she expects money from her family under the guise that she will one day buy her mom a house, but she is so mean and sneaky about her money that it is an obvious lie. you probably think is bizarre how i know so much but she is extremely open in front of her family and it is very apparent that she does not care about my opinion of her because it would have no affect on her outside image, i don't know her friends. her mom's boyfriend (our manager) is a really sweet, caring man, who wouldn't hurt a fly and just to clarify that i have actually been alone with him in their house on several occasions. however a girl at work started rumors that the reason her mom and her boyfriend took a break a couple months ago was because he was inappropriately touching my boyfriends sister. this wasn't the case and everyone in the family said it wasn't true, even his sister, but the reason she wouldn't stand up for him was because "he's not our problem anymore", meanwhile he was still expected to chauffeur her around whenever she wanted and to stock up the house with toiletries and her favorite iced tea. whenever my boyfriend tries to confront her about her poor behavior, it is apparent that she reacts according to her environment: at home when no one is watching she shouts and tells him to fuck off, in public she lays it on thick, sobbing and hyperventilating. she will not allow for any criticism and must always be the victim. she's honestly like an evil genius, its disturbing. this whole situation makes me feel really sad, angry and frustrated because i just have to sit and watch my boyfriend and my manager (who honestly feels almost like a step dad to me) get treated like absolute crap. for my boyfriends 21st, he got a "happy birthday" and some money (nothing to be scoffed at, that's a really nice gift) but his sisters 21st was planned months in advance, she had an all expenses paid trip abroad and several individual gifts (of which her mom's boyfriend paid a considerable amount). my boyfriend is a really good guy and a good son, so he doesn't complain but it hurts to see the blatant disregard of his feelings and favoritism. his mom is also really open about the fact that his real dad always hated him but adored his sister. there are so many more details, i could rant on and on but i condensed it the best i could. i don't know how to deal with my anger and i hate having to sit quiet and hear her bullshit. it honestly drives me mad. tl;dr boyfriend's sister is an evil genius and a narcissist. treats everyone behind closed doors like crap but acts sweet and innocent to everyone else. boyfriend must drop everything to make her happy and his own feelings are never considered. don't know how to deal with my emotions concerning this issue.	11
as its the weekend: tifu by finishing no fap tifu: i decided that after completing 31 days of no fap, i'd take the tension off the bollocks. arrived home on good time from work to find no one in. mum on holiday, sister at work. boom. time to fap myself nuts. (pun intended). it was going really well. bit of redtube, pornhub, pornotube, youporn, her first lesbian sex, you name it, i was going for it. i just about got to climax. slowed down, stopped. re-started. more enjoyable and lasts longer that way. anyway got to round 3, and i don't know how i didn't notice but my sister had arrived home. it's ok, i can stop. it was too late. hand on p. the white stuff going everywarrrr. fuck. "hello, are you in?" "yeasshsuhhsuhsh im ughh napping". in my state of panic, i jumped right up and the cum just kept shooting out, it went all over my mums blanket, on the floor, on the wall. fuck, is she walking upstairs?! i pulled my pants over my hard on, can feel it destroying my black boxers to seaman stains hell. listened by the door not knowing if my sister had walked upstairs or not. fuck it, i left my room. ran into the bathroom. fortunately she didn't see. what a lucky escape. so i wash my hands, grab a tissue, run into my room and its disappeared. where the fuck has it gone? phantom cum. opened the blanket up and still couldn't see it. damn, for some reason i thought maybe it had dried and i would flap it in the air to help dry it out. bad mistake. cum went all over the tv. ffs. but at least i know where it is. so i cleaned up, ran back to the bathroom. sisters's calling me for something, i'm like yeah i'll be down in a sec. flushed the tissue. jumped in the shower like phew, made it, closest, greatest escape ever. i'm in the shower then i realise. it's all over my beloved snail trail it was non recoverable so i had to cut it off. and that's how i fucked up. i regret cutting off my penis now. never mind.	7
i wilw one dey lik to meat pedewpei an wil playing minfarct wit him 🏻	18
i can help you study for your prostate exam	17
it's an emergency!!! (not really) ok so i shouldnt have done this guys now idk what to do!!! background story: when i was fourteen 8 met this boy on kik who was also 14. so we started texting and after a week thought we would be a good match so then he was my bf. but of course it didnt last long at all. but from time to time i think of him?? and i dont know how to get it to stop. i don't think of him a lot but when i do it's in a way where i feel like i want to reach out. so i tried when i was 15 or 16 (i forgot tbh). but he kinda hurt my feelings when he said he forgot i existed so i just left it. went this whole time not thinking about him. but last night i thought of him and really wanted to reach out. i dont want to be his gf just like a friend way. i mean we were 14 and dumb. i dont even remember why we broke up. but yeah. i figured i shouldn't try again bc he forgot me. but it made sense bc we hadnt talked in so long. but anyway i was telling my friend last night i dont know what to do to forget him or feeling like wanting to talk, he said maybe i should reach out. i was like nah... ok maybe... ok i did. so i texted him "yo?" i didnt think he would reply (i texted on kik). and i just started to feel embarrassed so i was like im just gonna delete this idc. but i just woke up to him replying "hello?". me: " " him: ":s" i dont know what to do guys. what do i do?? should i just not reply? will i seem stalkerish? i texted him on the same account we texted on but its just been so long. plus my username is the cringy ". ." lol. omg yall. idk what to do??	9
dear fat teens 17-19 years old... hi, i'm dante and i have been thinking of finding like-minded fat/chubby people to become friends. what i want to do with these people are, as a group of friends, save up money to buy/rent a house to live in and be ourselves. the goal of the house is to push each other to a better place in our minds, bodies, and souls, whether it be lossing weight or just going out more and eating a bit healthier more often. however that is not the only goal, the other is to make each other feel like we are free and in our natural habitat where we can wear anything we want. if you wanna be a nudist, wear a maid outfit, tackle someone in a pikachu costume in the house go ahead because i wouldn't mind it most of the time, and if you decided to join the house you wouldn't either. this is just gonna be a house of fat, nerdy, gaming friends having fun and bettering themselves. *ps: this house isn't just a quick project, it is to build friendships, self love, and happiness from our late teens into our time to settle down and build a family. also i said 17-19 most of the 17 year olds that see this should be turning 18 this year.* *pps: ha i said pp . i would prefer for everyone to already live somewhat close together so no one has to move across the country*	1
it's not that i don't have friends, i just like to play solo	0
i would be a really bad boyfriend for most people	10
gf left me for another dude and i have no one to go to, anyone want a chat? how is everyone feeling? tell me about your day	6
guys why is it so hard to upvote with ur right hand for y'all? i mean, are yall doing some black magic shit and turning the phone into horizontal mode on reddit? like jeez just evolve already and get bigger hands it's not that hard	11
i am a guy who wear high heels, ama! :) hey everyone! i was feeling bored and a bit lonely (thursday vibes) so i figured i'd have a couple casual chat with you all :) so, as the title says, i'm a guy and i wear heels not much more to it. if you have any questions (or anything you wanna talk about besides this) i'm here to chat! have a great day/night everyone!	1
i have been homie-zoned yesterday my friend (who i have had a crush on for a while) called me "homie" and "bro" in what i think was a deliberate attempt to let me know i'm in the friend zone	2
people will cum in a sock and "wash it" instead of eating it what a waste	11
i dont know who i am i just feel like i don't know who i am. i don't know what kind of personality i have or any of the appealling traits i have. some days i can go round the most confident person ever, chatty, laughing etc. then others all that confidence just seems to disappear and i get so shy and awkward. it's so random and it makes me come across as rude. i've been described as 'reallt quiet and shy' but some people and 'oh she'll talk to anyone'. i confuse myself	15
ruining thanksgiving by accidentally taking a dog with cancers "cbd" last thanksgiving i went to my husbands family's home for the holiday. we flew in the day before and planned to leave the day after. flying aggravates my degenerative disks and osteoarthritis so usually i bring things with me to help the pain - prescription pain killers, weed, or cbd. because it was a short trip we packed light and i forgot to bring something. by that first night, my back is hurting. the next day the pain is worse. i know what's coming, so i ask if they have anything i can take. my husbands family dog (who was just put down yesterday ) had cancer and his mom had been giving him some cbd oil that her cousin got for her. husband gives me a small syringe and says, "take this and see if it helps any". let's just say that i got so blitzed out of my brain that i could not think straight. hours pass and the roller coaster doesn't stop. 2pm rolls around, everyone is over for dinner. husband tells me it's time for dinner. i can't move. i can't get up, can't stand. husband thinks i'm overreacting and tries to pick me up. i crumple to the floor. he picks me up and puts me back on the bed confused. i miss dinner completely. husband and mother in law tried making excuses for my absenteeism. hours and hours later, around 8pm i feel like i can stand, though i am super wobbly. i wobble out to the dining room and see there are still people. i try my best to keep my shit together. brother in law has this knowing look. next day he tells us he took some and had the same reaction. turns out the cousin got super high thc oil, not cbd oil, and my mother in law had been blitzing her dogs brains out every dose and had no idea. tl;dr took "cbd" given to me for back pain, got the most stoned i've ever been in my entire 38 years of life unable to function, missed thanksgiving dinner, and discovered mother in law had been getting her dog completely stoned without knowing it.	4
i've got like 40 exams over the next month and a bit thanks gavin rly appreciate it . hope ur wife leaves u	11
man i wish i could like kill my depression why must i fail at everything . guess i'm gonna watch my sunflowers now	2
everything feels so different now few months ago i enlisted in the marines and after 7ish? 8? months of nonstop moving around, doing shit, being stressed i finally have my first legit weekend off (mos school, memorial day/weekend) and i'm watching shark tank and like everything feels so different. like before i used to lay down on my huge ass bed, tucked in, maybe eating something or making breaks in between to get a snack, my brother would be on the other side of the wall and i'd get up and annoy him. but now i'm like in complete silence, small bed, not so squishy bed, not tucked in, no breaks, no annoying anyone	7
hey guys aren't we all just playing minecraft hardcore in real life? beat that ph1lza	0
i hate my life i hate my life i hate my life i hate my life i really hate my mom i hate my dad i hate myself i hate my house i hate my school i hate my state i hate my existence i hate everything ***i want to die*** thanks for coming to my ted talk!	3
i saw what i actually look like to everyone and it destroyed my confidence. i know how i actually look is supposed to be especially weird to see since i've looked in a mirror my whole life, but i decided to take my mirror and angle it at my reflection to see what everyone actually sees... needless to say i'm disgusted with myself right now. i looked fatter, my nose and chin were bigger, my face was rounder, my hair looked awful, i saw a side of myself that i could barely stand to look at, and other people see that everyday??	9
my superpower is being able to swallow medicine pills without needing water people are really impressed when i do it but it's just normal to me. i'm just a cool girl what can i say	0
so basically every time someone makes fries or something i say i don't want any then i ask for one of theirs when it's finished anyways i think my natural estrogen levels are rising	5
certified epic gamer moment my best friend got a girlfriend so now we barely communicate with each other because he spends most of his spare time with her	0
i just failed my driving test... as the title says really. this is my first test and it was going so well, but i got to some traffic lights with a yellow box and hatched markings and didn't pull forward when the light went green. i hesitated and it got me a serious fault. now i'm just a bit salty about it! for context, i'm in the uk, in case people read this and have no idea what i'm talking about! i'm disappointed, obviously, but i have my own car to practice in and i'll be racking up even more hours behind the wheel and try again in the new year. any advice/tips etc. would be greatly appreciated and i hope everyone is having a better day!	1
i (19f) posted a nude artistic picture of myself and now am suffering retaliation from my parents tldr: i really need some advice for my relationship with my parents. right now i can't be dealing with another emotional meltdown and must spend my time being mentally healthy, not fighting my parents. so, a couple weeks ago, my photographer friend (21 (i guess) f) invited me (19f) to make a photoshoot of myself, in order to help her business grow. she likes taking nude pictures of people, and my parents knew that. they agreed to take me where the photoshoot would be (about 3 hours away) but told me that i should be cautious about what kind of picture she would be taking of me (they meant nudes). i said ok and i went there with my father - at this point i wasn't going to pose naked at all. but when me and my friend were in the woods to shoot, i realized how amazing nude pictures among nature would be. so i asked her to portrait me naked (but not the entire body, just from waist to face). i didn't tell my parents that, but they were suspicious of me and asked if i did it. i said yes, because i don't like lying to them. and of course they got really mad at me and told me not to post it to the internet. guess what? i posted it (nipples censored because society). not because i wanted to fight them or something, but for art and feminism (you can see the point i was trying to make and the picture in my ig profile @raquel.perim). if you guys want, i can translate it to you (it's in portuguese). days went by and only yesterday my mother found out about the post (someone probably told her). again, she and my father got mad and very disappointed at me and asked me to delete it. i said i wouldn't, told them it is only my decision to make. now, as a retaliation, there no longer is wifi at home 🏻 very mature way to handle family issues. i believe things around here might get emotionally quite tense between us, which makes me really sad. i need to negotiate a solution with them asap but i don't know what to do. well, one more thing: i also am gay, and they don't know about it. you guess why. and this whole situation makes me wonder how little they truly understand me. how is my perspective of my future like? i can only feel hopeless about it. i could never share my life with them as a normal person. right now i feel miserable and alone.	18
im officially 14 okay so it's nearly 7:30 philippine standard time and apparently that's when i exited the womb. it's funny how time works like how everyday people get old like i saw a handful of people saying goodbye to this subreddit and some who are enjoying themselves and are like newly teenagers. so i guess as much as life sucks rn it's best to enjoy the constant present anyways have a great day peeps	0
it's so cold! (but no snow) i live in the northern part of alabama and while our southern friends are enjoying their snow day off, it's simply freezing here yet no signs of snow our high is 36deg today, which is pretty much instant death for southerners. how's the temperature where y'all live? is it snowing? edit: clarification	14
my boyfriend application i like video games, skating, and not abusing my loved ones like my ex did	5
i dont deserve love welcome to my head	0
hey yall im kinda sad update on my plan b post is that a day later im still kinda distraught and i know it wasnt intentional but idk i feel icky and gross and im paranoid im still gonna get preggy	2
yo does any of my poor homies need a hulu or disney + account? if y'all want an account pm me. costs nothing. literally free. i just wanna give something away to my poor homies lol. i got like infinite amounts of these. also have eset, nordvpn, primephonic, encryptme and some more. love y'all	3
i have 11 followers now cya virgins	0
hey girl are you a crewmate? cause that ass lookin kinda sus	5
what if i die on my 18th birthday because of a heart arrhythmia?? anyway im just feeling a little paranoid bc i drank 600mg of caffeine	0
new year's grinch is anyone else avoiding social media the next couple days? i'm excited for the new year but the idea of an endless feed full of empty new year's resolutions, fluffed up thankful year end posts, and glam shots just makes me cringe. looking forward to a quiet low key celebration! wow i'm becoming such a grouch happy new year everyone!	1
ruining my husband's final project. my husband is a furniture design major in college and has spent a great deal of time making a beautiful tea cabinet for one of his projects. he was having me help him take it to the car so he could bring it to final critique and my foot hit the edge of the stairs wrong and i fell down the stairs. now his cabinet is ruined and i have a sprained wrist and some gnarly bruises *and i'm pretty sure i'm the worst wife ever* edit: he was more concerned about me than the cabinet, i still feel terrible about it though.	5
need some help. hello all, i have a question. so basically, i woke up, i believe tuesday morning with some pain in my right testicle. i just assumed i slept on it weirdly somehow. however, since that day, i've had very mild pain in both balls, more so the right one. i'm concerned, i've told my parents, but i just want to know is this normal at all or whatever. i'm not sexually active either cheers	0
getting a hickey for the first time at 21y/o obligatory; i still have the hickey but i was given it two days ago. i met up with this guy from tinder because i don't have time for a relationship, work two jobs and full time school. sexy times ensued, i noticed he was spending a lot of time on my neck. i asked him not to give me a hickey, as i was going home from college the next day. welp. it's dark purple. i concealed it the best i could. barely recognizable unless you're looking for it. came home at 12am last night, parents were sleeping. awesome. left concealer on in hopes they wouldn't notice incase they came into my room in the morning. fail. i guess while i was tossing and turning in the night it rubbed off. i heard my mom come in around 7am. i was still sleeping but i tried to roll over and hide it out of fear. she saw it. she gasped and i felt her lean closer. she definitely saw it. i woke up and put more concealer on. i went downstairs and my mom is not talking to me. this is the first time i've ever gotten a bad hickey. at 21! i have a feeling i'm grounded. tl;dr got a hickey from tinder date. went home next day. mom saw. grounded?	9
freaking out okay i know literally no one asked but me and elon musk have the same zodiac sign and im fucking surprised like woahh i didnt know i got to share a zodiac sign with a legend	5
should i share my vulnerable song with classmates? aight so like i go to a private school so my poetry class is only 12 other people and i'm pretty good friends with a few of them. tomorrow we're supposed to share a poem we wrote this year, and i wanna sing a song i wrote. it has a lot of insecurities and mentions of selfharm and just is pretty depressing, and i don't know if they'll like judge me? also just terrified i'll screw it up and sound like ass	5
eating spicy wings before seeing my girlfriend... today, i had hot wings for lunch before seeing my girlfriend, and i forgot to wash my hands. we started messing around, and things started getting "hot" (in a bad way). long story short, we were unable to complete our activities due to the "spiciness"	12
it's been a year... it's been over a year since i posted about my "karma competition" with my girlfriend. little did i know i would be spending the rest of the year running, hiking, and driving with that person, enjoying the bittersweetness of her final year of high school before the inevitable start of college. thankfully, her university is nearby so we still get lots of time together. although i am "winning" in the karma competition, i've found there are things many times more important. i'll leave you to say spend more time with the people around you	3
more friends needed i'm completely bored because fuck being occupied lol. i'm 17 and just want more friends and i just need someone that will speak the language of the gods	1
help i'm at the store an i lost my mom does this mean i'm an orphan now? i've been looking around but idk where she is. there's so many other hispanic moms here i can't find mine	4
guys i'm about to do the unthinkable ! i'm about to listen to that u2 album that was forced upon us iphone users back in like 2011	1
whats the cookie monster without cookies	2
my 21st birthday is coming up, but i have no idea what i want to do celebrate it. i am from florida, but i have lived in kentucky since october of this year. my original plan was to go down to florida because my sisters boyfriend offered to plan my party, but now he is on his way to becoming a lawyer and is way busy with the patent bar and other things. this is all fine, by the way, i am not upset and i totally understand his education is very important, but now i don't know what to do! i have no friends in kentucky to celebrate with, and i could still go to florida and just do something else, but money has been tight and i'm not sure if it sounds worth it anymore i am very excited to turn 21 but man i don't know what i'm gonna do!	10
i just witnessed my cousin fall off of the bed after she stole the blankets and pushed me off.. thats what you get motherfcker! the bed is now mine. how does it feel?!	16
me (26/m) and girlfriend (35/f) am i wrong? i promised myself i wouldn't do this simply because i always wanted to figure stuff out on my own, and i'll try to make it short. basically my girlfriend and i have been dating for 2 years. i am from ohio, when we met she lived in oregon. i moved across the country to be with her. prior to all of this she would visit and for what it's worth she is rather popular/attractive. (very heavily tattooed and actually has two exes initials tattooed on her, she dated lots of tattoo artists ) before i moved there she was visiting me and we were going to drive to new jersey where she is from so i could meet her mom. right before she left, she got a text from one of her ex hookups, well come to find out she was texting this guy on the flight out to see me. rather suggestive things, he started it, but she never told him to stop. she was replying, but never told him she was on her way to see her boyfriend. so i obviously got mad and we got into it. we worked it out and eventually and i actually ended up moving to oregon. well, after a few months, the ex before me went missing. he had pretty severe alcoholism, so she and his family (from west virginia) were going back and forth and he ended up just being in a hotel. but the entire time she was crying and saying she'd never forgive herself if she didn't help find him. this bothered me simply because of the fact that i moved across the country and, even though i was understanding that they dated for 4 years. it was still uncomfortable since i left everything i knew and she was actively engaging in trying to find some guy i've never even met. eventually she got a new job in ct, so now once more, i moved across the country with her. we have been here since july of 2018. now, recently, this same ex has passed away from drinking too much. he was found passed out in a hotel and had lived and kidney damage, was put on dialysis and went sepsis, so they essentially just pulled the plug. now things become a complete mess. but this time i promised to be understanding for the sake of being the good guy. i even donated $50 to his family for whatever they needed. so for a month i have been dealing with nothing but facebook and instagram posts, her posting about how great of a guy he was, how he was such a talented tattoo artist, how he loved game of throne and how he loved marvel. she went down to west virginia for his memorial, then the day she comes back was his birthday, so he gets a birthday post. meanwhile, i'm still sitting here just dealing patiently. well i finally had enough and asked her if this was just going to go on forever and we immediately began to fight. she doesn't understand nor does she want to understand how this makes me feel, she like many other people is very selfish in regards to these types of things. she is kind of a rough tomboy individual. my main concern was that i was understanding and dealt with it. but after a month and a half, enough is enough. i can't live in this guys shadow anymore. now, this is where it ties together, and i know i may have went out of order. we haven't had sex in 3 months and i can probably guess that in two years we have had sex maybe 40 times. our entire relationship has been a constant reminder of her and her ex. she would always bring him up, she would often sometimes even compare me to him. she is also friends with all her other exes. she has gone on work trips and had them come visit (even if they are married, this seems pointless and odd to me) and she wouldn't tell me. if i found out, she would say it's irrelevant and "people don't argue about these things" i work long hours as a mechanic so it can be extremely grueling. so when i come home, i'm very tired and often am kind of a quiet person anyway. weekly, she will say very rude things to me and hold stuff over my head such as rent (which she pays) however i pay other bills. i'm not living for free. she will call me names like dickbag, asshole, immature, a kid, etc. she will gaslight every situation we get into and calls my friends from back home losers and makes fun of people all the time. she is a very abrasive human being. so, clearly, i am not very physically attracted to her anymore. she seems to not understand that she is so cruel and that this is why i don't really want to walk up and be nice and have sex or even smile in pictures. i am essentially fed up with being called names and compared to her ex, having things held over my head, and not being able to communicate with her without her completely and utterly disregarding it, and turning it around and making it my fault. no matter what it is. even though i am always fixing her car, watching her dog for a week when she took work trips to vegas or wherever she was. keeping the house tidy to the best of my abilities after working so much. always doing the dishes and doing the man work. i uprooted my entire existence to be with her and for the duration of our relationship she has always done whatever she wanted and talked to whoever she wanted and if i said it's getting a little out of control she tells me i'm immature and that it's irrelevant and that those people don't matter and it shouldn't bother me. this in turn causes an argument. so basically it has led us to breaking up, but now i am in ct alone, and have to figure out how to get back home to ohio. i am coming here to ask if maybe i've been the problem and i shouldn't have cared about the ex dying, and i shouldn't have cared about her having exes from her past visit her at work events, or i should have been more helpful around the house and never have even said anything and just sucked it up. obviously i was never perfect, i never expect anybody to be. but i genuinely feel that out of all the relationships i've been in, this is the one i nailed perfectly and truly didn't do a lot wrong. tl;dr girlfriend of 2 years is extremely rude and mean, ignores my opinions and gaslights and we don't get along, but i'm trapped in another state away from home and want to know if i should leave or try to stick it out	11
how to respond to girl who took 24hrs to reply? i (22m) texted this girl (22f) that i'm into yesterday that i had to cancel our date due to a funeral (legitimate) and asked her if we could reschedule for wednesday instead. she replied just a couple minutes later saying she was sorry and then asked what time on wednesday? i replied a few minutes later suggesting the time as a response to her question and it took her 24hrs to reply to that. she agreed to the time i suggested, but yet it took her a day later and then said 'sorry i'm just now replying' with a face. her friends seem to say this is pretty standard with her, even for them, so i don't think much about it, but how should i respond? say something clever like 'i was getting worried about you!' or just reply by saying 'see you then!' tldr, this girl took 24hrs to reply to my text.	1
i'm (f31) letting my friends down... and i feel guilty about it. hey everyone! sorry if it's long. i have always been a very social person, and very vulnerable too. i'm not afraid to speak about my insecurities and deep issues, even in front of people i haven't known for long. i guess people feel they can be vulnerable with me, and that's why i regularly move to new cities or countries and always make valuable friends who stick with me (some of them i still have 10 years later, even after moving out of the country). everytime i go somewhere, i'm trying to be the peace keeper, bring people together. for the past 9 months, i had a short contract in a different city where i didn't know anyone, and all my team, who were mainly big introverts, loved me and i started organising big work gatherings. bear in mind that before my arrival, those people worked together for years without even properly speaking to each other. but in this case, as always, i was always there for everyone. like a mother figure. some of them didn't have a single friend before meeting me. they became pretty attached to me. however, this kind of life is exhausting for me. i love meeting people and make them feel good about themselves, and i used to love being needed and appreciated. i used to thrive on compliments because my confidence was in reality very low (even if nobody would guess that). after a bad breakup, depression started. i realised those people were socially awkward and didn't know how to make me feel good, sometimes saying horrible stuff just to make me happy ("he never cared about you", "come on, usually you're always smiling, why can't you just forget about it?"). i was feeling down, and realising nobody could be there for me, as i was for them. i always had to be the person who cheered people up, but nobody cheered me up. obviously it's not the first time it happens in my life, but this time was the small thing that just proved me something had to change. i started isolating myself, trying for the first time in my life to be there for myself. i decided to be my own source of validation, instead of always looking for it elsewhere. after my contract, my team was devastated and wanted me to stay in the city, and find another job there. i decided i wanted to go back home, and to stop putting pressure on myself not to disappoint everyone. i was following my needs. after many "why are you abandoning us?" and "when will you return?", i left and sincerely, wanted nothing to do with them anymore. after this episode, i started cutting out other people like this in my life, and trust me, i'm still left with many genuine friends with whom i have a balanced give&take relationship. however, those people who i didn't want to stay close friends with started to annoy me with their "i miss you" messages every time i don't text them for a week. they are really bothering me and i feel so crappy about it. i know for some of them, i'm their only friend, and sincerely, i'm annoyed because they make me feel guilty. i can see their attachment to me and i just want them to get a life and leave me alone. don't give me wrong, i love these people, they are kind and i'm glad i met them. it' s just i want to move on, forget about the past and build a new life. but they keep trying to bring me back. i just don't want to be everyone's mother anymore. but at the same time, i hate feeling so bad about it, i can feel i'm hurting them when i don't text them anymore and their "miss you" or "you don't text me anymore " messages just get on my nerves. am i being a shitty person? am i letting them down? i hate feeling that way, but i just can't help it, i want to be my own source of happiness from now on. tldr; i'm sick of being my friends mom and now they make me feel like i'm abandoning them. how do i stop feeling guilty?	14
stress for a test it's currently midnight. i'm in my bed. i'm calming down a bit. tomorrow i've got a quite important maths test and while i spent a lot of my time studying and practicing i still don't understand it. it's really frustrating, considering the amount of time i put in. i'm so stressed and tired, so i figured i'd better go to sleep now and try again tomorrow - i got a few hours before the test. i really hope it helps because otherwise, i'll be in panic a lot. does anyone have any tips or wants to share their experiences? or just talk about something else, of course	6
got conned into staying at a sorority event my little sorority sister heard i was in town and wanted me to help her in a segment in our fundraiser. ( a guys pageant) the contestants will need time to change for the next section so i wrote a fresh prince of bel air parody. i show up a little after the show started so no one would see me. but she changed the time i would be on stage without informing me so now i'm sitting through awful talent show acts	7
i wonder if r/teens is a thing i coulda just searched it up but making useless posts is what i do best	0
i love my mom. last week i finally recieved my report card, since we're in private school we have to pay the schopl fees in order to earn the report card. this report card is from 10th grade, by far the most shittiest year when it comes to grades after seeing thag report card, i only knew that i passed at first and went to 11th. but i finally saw my shitty report card and got a horrible gpa. i wont say the exact number but its between b and b-. i alwaus thought of traveling time and punching my old self just to tell him to get a good grade and not be absent a lot. i was saddened of course but my mom kept cheering me up making me confident. i've been working very hard this year and i really hope i get a good grade.. fast forward to next week. this morning i hopped in the car with my mother, i was really tired, after a long period of silence, my sister in the back asked in confusion: "why are you tired today brother?" i wanted to say that i hadn't slept a lot but my mother quickly interrupted me saying: "it's a sign that he's been working hard and never giving up!" and smiled. at this point, i thought to myself that this may be by far the best and most beautiful supportive words i've got from anyone. no one ever notices how hard working i am these days and i swear to god i love my mom so much for noticing. p.s sorry for any grammar or spelling mistakes im typing this before going to bed hehe.	3
in a femboy typa mood tonight yeah it's femboy porn time	0
i have a very important announcement * *	5
i decided to eat popcorn again :( i haven't ate popcorn in a long time, so i decided to eat, now i can't sleep because my tummy hurts already tried water with lemon but it still hurts	4
are you a girl? cus i'm boutta get real sexy *sexist	5
ex still loves me. dating another girl. complicated. help. male female relationship. both late 20s. tldr summary - breakup/ break, but he won't let go. he initiated break. seeing another girl, not public. but still seeing me. not sure if it's classed as cheating yet, but it's the intention not the title that counts. so this is a long story but i'll sum it up in as small a nutshell as possible. dated for a while, more as best friends than dating, as we both saw other people. but always had something between us. he asked me to be his, and not see anyone else, we went official. we moved in together, booked a holiday, (all his idea/ suggestions) it moved very quickly and as we had strong foundations we both fell in love deeply very quickly. i'm very very intuitive and there was never any question of trust or cheating when we were together. fast forward to now, a year and a bit from when we first started dating. he's had some other personal issues, which amalgamated in a almost complete breakdown. he wanted a break from everything, he moved out, we dropped our status of being in a relationship but still talking. he said wanted to be alone, life a single life, but didn't want to close the door on us and had no intention of sleeping with or dating other people, as if he wanted a relationship then it would be with me. he wanted for us to be stronger after a break (if you're not buying it i wasn't either 100% tbh) i thought he was just trying to not hurt my feelings. i've done the 'break' thing before and saw the red flags. so i let things cool off. he contacted me, we had friendly chats, he told me about this girl he's been seeing . we talked about it and he said he just doesn't know what he wants. he keeps asking if i've gone on dates, what i'm doing, and threw a complete hissy fit and got upset when he thought i was on a date last week. fast forward another week (about three weeks post breakup/ moving out). he comes over (no intentions of anything happening). he pours his heart out over many things but mostly not about 'us', about his childhood, young adult life, things he has never been open about before and are the roots of his issues now. as much as he sounds like a jerk right now, he actually isn't deep down, and i've always seen through him to his real motives/ feelings. he knows this and 99.9% of the time i've figured him out before he has. so i just wanna be clear i can tell when he's manipulating me vs being honest. then 'things' happen, and it was loving, not just a hump and dump situation. he tells me he loves me, that he loved me more in 6 months than he ever did with his ex's he was with for years. he tells me if he wasn't with this new girl, he'd be in with me so deeply. mindfu**. he tells me he loves me on his way to meet her for a date the next day. he won't even tell her we are talking as friends and won't speak to me when he's with her. i don't know what to think of any of this. my thoughts are that he wants to be with me, but was scared of losing me, something he kind of confirmed recently. he feels for various reasons that i am too good for him. that he doesn't deserve me. i do believe all this. he's not saying these things just for sex etc, cos he can have that with the new girl. but i'm not stupid, and i know what i want - i just don't know how to make him see that he is good, and deserves a good, healthy relationship. we were both genuinely happy together. what i struggle with is my intuition which is so strong and 99.9% of the time correct, and my intuition tells me to wait it out and let him piece himself back together from this mess. but my head tells me differently. so opinions: how would you deal with this? is he cheating on new girl if they aren't 'official'? how do i show him he's not the awful person he thinks he is, and that he deserves to be happy too? (even if not with me!) how do i go forward with this, i don't want to back away and make him think i don't care (i.e no contact), but at the same time i don't wanna go down the route of being the 'other woman' for 6 months before he wakes up as i've done that before too and i'm not doing it again. it causes no end of trust issues and with the last one (going back over 10 years) once he did come back to me i realised i could never trust him. help!	11
you can have a 3-way homosexual relationship, but not a 3-way heterosexual relationship bruv stop saying you have it bad	11
i finally found a hobby i enjoy! i discovered how much i love to fish	8
i [20m] got high for the first time in a while and got in the wrong car when ordering an uber. i gave him my address, too. i got out without being kidnapped and walked to the train instead. than, i called 911 because i thought i was being followed. for some reason i got a refund for the base fare of $8. now, i'm on my way home on the train. phew i'm still high. p.s. marijuana is not a suitable drug for everyone. i only support marijuana use for medical purposes. goodnight! (i know i sound stupid, this is what weed has the ability to do to a person. i certainly think we need to do more researching before jumping to conclusions & legalizing it. let's focus our attentions on psilocyben instead.) oooooooooooooooopooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo	9
anthro husky gf me sad bc no exist ____________________________	14
ban me from this subreddit mods this will be hilarious & very useful for me.	1
don't even talk to me unless you look like rodrick heffley	16
hey u have something on ur ass! u got my eyes on ur ass	15
kind of in the mood to delete all my social media, change my name and disappear to a foreign country to start a new life just me ?	6
i'm on a plane leaving right now for two hours. tell me something you're happy about, i want to hear some happy things when i get off the plane. also feel free to talk amongst eachother as usual	3
pregnant women scare me imagine having a whole other person inside of you	5
idk why they say the foot fetish is most common fetish like fuck no it's not. or if it is fetishes are just r a r e yea but fr. it's not popular lmao... im alone	14
it's 4:10 am and i'm wide awake why do i do this to myself. why can't i get a grip on life and stop questioning every single thing? why can't i just go to sleep at a regular time like a regular person? why. why why why why why? i'm just so sick and tired of this, but i can't help it. oh well, to whoever reads this, have a good morning or night.. i know i sure am..	12
update: the guy i [f/25] am seeing [m/31] didn't respond for 24 hours when we had plans original post: <url> (it got removed because i added an imgur link ) this is a very odd situation. i've been seeing this guy for about a month. we hang out/hook up every 2-3 days. yesterday he texted me and it went like this: him: hey what are you up to? me: i'm about to go to a pool party at your complex with some friends, i would invite you but i'm not sure how you feel about celebrating america ;) (he is german for reference - he lives in a huge complex where a lot of my friends live as well, so this is a very typical interaction) him: you traitor, haha, come by when you guys are done and we can watch a movie or have a marathon. i have snacks too me: okay, also can i ask a big favor? him: depends what it is me: i have the ice pops and didn't realize there's no freezer down here, would you mind if i put them in your freezer for a few hours so they dont melt? *no response for 4 hours, pool party has finished* me: hey we're finishing up here, i'm going to head over i went, knocked on his door, no answer. very odd. called, straight to voicemail. didn't think much of it and went home. called again this morning from a blocked number, again straight to voicemail. i had a missed call from a number i didn't know, and when i called back it was a magic jack number that wasn't accepting incoming calls. i'm not sure if it was him trying to reach me or just spam. it's now 3pm and i'm very weirded out. i thought about texting a mutual friends that works with him and just asking if he knows if everything is ok but i don't want to overstep, either. we all three hung out a few nights ago, but still....this guy isn't my boyfriend, just a guy i'm seeing. i guess i'm just not sure what the proper thing to do here is. there was nothing strange leading up to this or anything like that. i'm just worried something might have happened because his phone isn't working, but he and i aren't serious enough for me to do much. thanks in advance, guys! tl:dr: guy i'm dating isn't answering texts after he made plans, phone going straight to voicemail for last 24 hours, not sure if i should do anything about it update: he texted me: **hey all g no need to appologize! i just had a big nap then went to work without my phone. come round tonight if you like...i have washing and a football game to watch but we can hang for sure** tl:dr: everything is fine hahahah	12
i can do hand puppets wanna see?	13
i'm sick. what do you do to make yourself feel better on sick days? well, this week, i have a total of 5 exams! i took 3 already with 2 tomorrow. this would be the one week of the semester when i get really sick. when i'm at home, my mom will make me caldo (chicken soup) & i lay in bed and watch movies all day. also, doing my makeup always seems to lift my spirits on days like these. unfortunately, i'm still in school & studying waits for no one lol. what helps you feel better on sick days?	14
patrick in spongebob squarepants is cute look at him, he's adorable. i am a simp for patrick	0
am i the legendary gaybay with gaydar? this is by no means an offensive post towards gay people. i am not trying to label those people with "gay". we should be cool with the word "gay" because it has practical meanings apart from being a label. i'm very happy to know these people. i appreciate every kind soul on the earth. alright, back to the subject. this is what i've just found recently. and it is a long process to get the conclusion. so i first heard about gay about 8 years ago when i was in the middle school. my best friend shared a gay themed novel with me and i started to know something about gay. when i was in high school, i had my first internet friend and we ended up being very close, oneday he told me he's gay. and that's the first gay friend i had. we are still very good friends till now. ---- in the high school i had a male friend, he started to ask me to find him a boyfriend after he found out i was very gay friendly. and he then gradually became a "openly gay" boy in the class. everybody was cool with it and we all shipped him and his deskmate. lol miss the good old time. ---- then there's another guy from high school, we were not very close back in the high school but one day after graduation he told me that he's gay and i said i'd always be there if he needed. ---- 4 years ago i started my university. my first close friend in university is my roommate. she told me she's into girls one night when we were sitting beside the playground and talking about our dreams, futures and stuff. ---- then two years ago a new roommate moved in, and we became friends very quickly. a few months ago she suddenly told me she was dating a girl when we were talking about video editing. ---- i majored in administration in school of management in my first year of university. i got to know a guy from the same school and one day he told me he's struggling because he started to have a crush on a middle-aged professor. he wanted to know if there's anything wrong with him and how to deal with the situation. i told him he's fine and gave some suggestions. ---- i changed my major in the second year and now majoring in filmmaking. i met a guy from the animation club and we added each other on social media. but we have never interacted with each other. a few weeks ago we found we were in the same music class and we started to talk. a long time ago i checked his relationship page and noticed they were using the pictures of two main characters from a gay themed tv show as their profile pictures. i thought it was his girlfriend who wanted to use the pictures which was a common phenomenon. now back to today, i asked him about the profile picture very casually. i asked "are you a big fan of the show or is your girlfriend the fan? i noticed you have been using it for a long time. i like the show very much too." he said "i am the fan, so is my boyfriend." then we started to talk about he's boyfriend. jes, they are both very amazing people. ---- now i find i have a big group of gay friends. is there something chemical happening here? i am a openly lgbt supporter on all my social media so i guess they feel like to be friends with me because i'm a known lgbt friendly person. but i think the probability of meeting gay people is too high here with me. even some of my best friends started to call me a gaybay with gaydar. dose anyone has the similar experience? ---- also, i found i alway encounter gay people very randomly on the internet. i like photography and i photograph my friends sometimes and before we go to the location. i'd look for some reference poses and compositions on the internet and mostly instagram. 40% of the photo i clicked on belong to gay people's account. so it's true that gay people are really good at art or it's just me having a gay taste? ---- and i have never been a true fan of any singer or band. i sometimes click on the singer's profile while listening to his/her songs. then i'd search them on google if i found them interesting. and there's a good chance that the artist is gay. i can't remember how many artists that i found gay accidentally. some of them are very famous and some have little fame. edit: added "----"	1
tall girls r hot that's my statement and i'm sticking with it	0
feeling dumb might do something unhealthy later idk dont know what it is yet but ill figure it out	8
having an experience i never thought would've happened i apologize for formatting issues (if any, on mobile) but tonight i was at a small gathering with friends. everyone was having a good time and drinking except for me cause i was designated driver. there was this girl here and honestly very attractive, but since she had been drinking i didn't think anything of her flirting. my friends on the other hand were not thinking like me. later on throughout the night more drinking had taken place and she was pretty hammered. as in getting handsy and dancing and kind of cuddling on the couch. she first started with me since i was the only one sitting with her and when she first grabbed my hand i talked to her and learned that she's just very comfortable with physical touch and it's how she expresses things. idk if her living in brazil has anything to do with it (foreign exchange student) but i took it as a cultural bonding thing. fast forward a little bit, my friends start asking me questions about if that's going anywhere and i tell them no because she's very drunk and i don't see it as hardcore flirtation. they see that as an opportunity to shoot their shot. i honestly felt disgusted in their actions and tried getting them not to but they just kept saying they're gonna "get some". so i stayed with her all night and got her attention when they tried moving in. i can't tell if it pissed them off but i wasn't about to let them take an advantage of that girl. it made me feel gross knowing what they were doing and i would've regret not doing something. if you made it this far, thank you for reading as i just wanted to get this off my mind and i've driven everyone home so now i'm enjoying a little bowl	0
the guy behind these glasses is depressed change my mind	0
oh my goshshsh i passed my practice geometry regents!! 69% still terrible but hey i passed and i didnt even finish so ill do better on the real regents yeaaaah	0
they gonna make a life version of mulan without mushu. i wonder why	10
it is currently 6pm and i am already very sleepy i would sleep if you were to sleep with me.	5
dear god of luck... dear god of luck, i'd like to transfer all my luck credits from dating to landing a fucking permanent job immediately, please. sincerely, desperate job seeker the letter above is my appeal to god of luck because today i received another rejection letter from my current employer's hr. i've been a tempt for the past two years with no benefits. the pay is good but i'm tired of not having benefits and contributing to my retirement, and not knowing if my contract will renew in 6 months from now. currently, the contract ends by december of this year, and i've been actively applying for jobs at my current employer to stay here since there are many perks from working for this employer with one being location/distance from home to work. anyway, what have you prayed for before or currently hoping to happen? and at what cost are you willing to pay to have it? for instance, i'm willing to have shitty luck in dating (currently having amazing luck in dating) than to not landing a permanent job. having a permanent job means more to me, e.g. support my parents, siblings and myself financially, have health benefits, contribute to my retirement.	15
i want to be cool, but i'm not	12
ever feel like, depressingly touch starved?? i'm in a long distance relationship which kinda makes it worse. i swear sometimes all i need is a cuddle and there's literally nobody in my life who would/could give me one so i'm just left laying here bundled in blankets trying not to think about it too hard whilst y'all be flexing about your social lives it's been actual years since i had a genuine warm comforting hug jeez how's it feel up at the top	12
i follow some buy-and-sell pages on facebook and the funniest thing today... is seeing all the "brand new never opened" christmas gifts that people obviously received and hated just hours after christmas started. just saw someone selling a "dog mom furever" mug with packages of hot cocoa still wrapped up in clear wrap and i have to wonder what poor soul gave her the gift she's selling for $5 negotiable what about you guys? any gifts you got that you wish you could sell immediately?	1
guys i just learned my boyfriend likes dubstep	2
i will now stop saying shawty unfortunately this is my end	2
obligatory cake day post- "it gets better." just wanted to shout to to everyone having a hard time out there. it gets better. 🏻	18
today is good vibes day i need nothing but good vibes	15
okay my ears keeps ringing... like this is the second time. i'm just laying down browsing reddit and boom my ear goes beeeeep boooop beeeep screeeech like no kidding you guys. it sounds like the ear test you do at school lol but louder	1
i wanna play gmod again i used to play horror maps and i'd be travis scott from fortnite and my friend was a catgirl it was so cool	15
i've been actin kinda gay recently!!! my bad yall	2
painting by numbers i have mandalas to pass my 'meditation time' but i'm thinking to try painting by numbers and would like to know if anyone have tired it. how it was for you? how painting turned out? so any thought on this may help me	6
i've taken the bdsm test so many times it's starting to get worrying anyways dm me if you wanna exchange test results	11
i just got into a huge argument with my parents i just wanted space and they won't allow that and it causes me anxiety but when i try to explain it to them, they say i'm rude..... so now i'm alone crying bc they're gonna take away my xbox and my phone ( the only two other things i care abt besides my dog) . i just wanted to put this out there on reddit before i'm gone for a while i presume.... it's been nice looking at memes with you guys hope y'all have a good day, unlike me.	14
if you have karma over 5k, you're a loser and if it's over 20k, you're a mega loser sorry i don't make the rules	0
slicing a piece of meat off so i received my fingerless mechanix gloves today, went and try it on and then holding my toy guns i use for cosplay. "looking good" i say to myself, i went on and tried out wielding my one handed victorinox swiss army knife, opening it wasn't a problem but closing it, to close it you had to push a lever like mechanism that holds onto the blade, i tried that one handed and then *splice*, a chunk of meat came off my thumb. i just stood there for what seemed like an eternity, my brain then decided to start keeping the stuff lying around and then processing to walk towards the basin and soaking it for 5 minutes. applied bandage after that even though it was still bleeding. welp, bright side is this didn't happen at a cosplay event, saved me a ton of embarrassment. tl;dr a chunk of meat came off iykwim	17
13m looking for 13f this is a joke obviously but please spam f's in the chat i'm not a hero	14
how to pay for college/scholarship suggestions/ideas? hey guys! so i'm headed into my undergrad this year and the thought of taking out loans is starting to stress me out. i've already taken out a federal loan, which is okay, but i'd rather not take out any other loans with higher interest rates. at the moment i'm looking at ~4500 left to cover for this year. do y'all have any idea how i could come up with this before i head to school? i know getting a job and such but i already have a lot going on this summer and i doubt anyone would hire me as l'll be away most the time. i'm signing up for private scholarships and i've already won one, but i guess i'm wondering if y'all have any specific suggestions, scholarship-wise? maybe some you have won in the past that you know are legit? i already know and use fastweb, scholarships.com, etc. basically i'm asking if you guys have any creative ideas as to how to come up with the $4500? thanks in advance guys! you're the best 🏼	18
i heard y'all are into smart guys now i work in the ijk plane daily	0
how to move on from someone you had genuine feelings for? i feel broken, like i don't have the energy or the ability to do anything. i liked this girl a shit ton and it felt like we had good chemistry, i talked with her everyday and we constantly hung out, but all of a sudden she blocks me on everything and doesn't even let me know why or what happened, and all i could think is if i did something to fuck everything up, and i feel terrible about it.	2
unintentionally preparing for a colonoscopy... so. my bf and i enjoy anal, but in the past there have been some "shit happens" scenarios. he's a good sport and it doesn't phase him, but it makes me feel self conscious, so i planned to prep for next time. fast forward to today. i'm spending the weekend with him so i wanted to start prepping. i packed an enema for right before, but i figured i'd start early with some miralax. i've used miralax *correctly* before for occasional constipation, with no issues and great results. i took three times the usual dose this morning thinking 'hey, it'll go faster'. boy was i right. i don't know if i can call this a failure, but holy shit. pun not intended. or maybe it was. lessons learned: don't stray far from a bathroom, and don't trust a fart. i don't know if this can be counted as a tifu because i achieved my intended result, but it definitely took me by surprise! tldr; i took waaaaaay too much miralax and now i have to stay within 30 feet of a toilet at all times. however, i will be squeaky clean for my next sexual escapade	8
im sad if somebody wanna talk, i'm here	2
it's kinda dumb that girls have to pay for literally existing like imagine having to pay for something that happens constantly and it's something you can't control. thank you society very cool	0
i just lost my virginity she just ran away. she was soo cool. i was gonna train her and compete in kentucky derby.	2
when everyone is celebrating the end of gcses but you still have one left on wednesdays ^feelsbadman.jpeg i'll officially be the last year 11 in my school to finish, what an honour	11
forgetting to clean up after my manly deed a short time ago while getting ready in the bathroom i had a manly urge, so i grabbed a hand towel and sat on the toilet to do my thing. as i was about to finish, i dropped my hand towel on the floor. knowing that i couldn't possibly grab and reposition the towel in time, but also not wanting to leave my mess all over the bathroom, i searched my brain for a contingency plan and settled on lunging for the tub and finishing in there. in hindsight, i could have just finished in the toilet but it is what it is. anyway, i did my thing and proceeded along with my morning, thinking nothing further of it. a few minutes later, realizing that i hadn't run the shower to rinse it down the drain and not wanting a family member to encounter it later on, i returned to the bathroom to do that. next thing i know, in runs my cat, thinking i was going to run the faucet for her to have a drink, and hops right into the tub and prances around in anticipation. i'm pretty sure my splooge is now on the bottoms of one or more of her paws. i feel like a depraved human being.	2
you know what turns me on? consent	0
just got a shitty haircut guys time to get slagged for the next month until it grows back	0
leonard dicaprio exists i'm watching titanic right now, and my little sister decided to join me. she just kind of stare at leonardo dicaprio's face and asks me "does leonardo dicaprio still exists" kind of funny how she asks if he exists and not if he's alive.	1
fun fact for you all someone got a fish stuck in their urethra	5
can't believe my 10 k karm4 special was only 2 hours ago just hit 11k	5
homework time goodbye reddit. i am about to enter hell.	15
[27f] just creeped on my boyfriend's [30m] social media. please tell me im being crazy. so, i knew i shouldn't go down the instagram rabbit hole but here we are. i looked at the pictures my boyfriend has been tagged in (we've been dating a few months). some girl tagged him in a photo last year, right before he moved to where we live now, that was captioned "so my boyfriend is moving ". the picture was a picstitch of them holding hands and a selfie where he's making a duck face. he's very physically affectionate with all his friends, male and female, so the holding hands doesn't seem to weird. he's never mentioned dating someone just before he moved here. for the record, i hadn't even met him when this was posted. i know i'm being crazy, i think it bothers me because she looks super trashy. how can i get over this? i've been obsessing about it and i know i can't ask him about it without revealing i've been stalking him. plus he didn't do anything wrong! tl;dr: boyfriend's possible ex posted a picture of him last year, before i knew him, that's been driving me nuts all morning. please help.	4
i murdered a fly and now feel bad i really like bugs and i'm not fond of flies but i don't hate them either. i also have a venus fly trap so i have a moral dilemma every time a bug is withing range of me. the fly isn't dead yet but it has so much brain damage and is lost in my room it's basically beyond the point if no return. i didn't catch it or give it brain damage, but i basically played a part in it. i'm way too wound up about this :/	1
teenagers aren't that bad after all lately i've been seeing comments or posts on reddit saying that the current generation of teenagers are actually nicer and more pleasant to deal with. yesterday there was a post from a manager at a food restaurant saying how he hates the fact that older people treat the employees badly but he has never had to deal with an unruly teen. i'd like to accept that compliment. i do feel like everyone who's in their teens and early 20s are actually much kinder. we like to make others happy, feel valid, accept them despite their differences and flaws, see them succeed, be there for a helping hand. we've actively gone through certain situations in life and thanks to technology we have the ability to share our experiences with others. so even if you haven't gone through the exact problem, you know what it's like to struggle. that has made all of us a bit more empathetic towards each other. taking myself for an example(and i don't mean to brag), i've gone through a heartbreak and whenever a person around me is going through the same issue i always lend them a hand. we get a lot of shit for being lazy or unruly or "done for". but maybe some of it is undeserving. or idk, maybe i'm just an 18 year old trying to validate myself	1
woke up again #\*|!_+~ps_+|ps\ps~*ps|eur*~eur\*~!\*|eur\eur\	7
recommend reading or listening hey friends and fam, any good books or podcasts you've found that have helped you? i've read it's ok that you're not ok by megan devine that was an excellent book. i've been looking for podcasts, i found one i like but it's a much broader topic of grief and it focuses on kids grieving a lot. that one is called grief outloud i'd love some suggestions if anyone has found anything good.	3
random dude just sat next to me on train so i was traveling. i hate traveling, but i have to because of work. so the first train is 20 minutes late. that's great . after taking the first train. i wait for the next one. i see this small, skinny, bald guy nervously running around. i kind of understand him. so the next train arrives and i already know that we will have to wait here for 20 minutes before it leaves. i sit dowm with my bags. and then this skinny, bald dude(like 30 yrs old) just sits next to me saying: it's hot out here, i need to sit for a while. i'm like: great, this is unpleasent. also there's like free seat everywhere else. but he clearly has his bag outside, and also he said "for a while" so i think he's not gonna be here for that long. but he keeps sitting there. for the whole 50 minutes. speaking about his day. he has this happy/smug face. i don't have the strength to tell him to fuck off. how do i do this?	12
get in here my fellow uglies	0
who needs a girlfriend when you got a car at least i can fix my car when it says there's a problem in our relationship	0
imagine participating in no nut november wow cannot relate, sorry i'm gonna stay healthy smh	0
my (30f) boyfriend (33m) and i aren't having sex as much anymore... hi reddit, throwaway account, as i wanted to get a bit of perspective.. my boyfriend, let's call him 'john' is a really sweet guy. we get on well, i like and get on with his friends and family and i really love him. we have been together almost a year. when we first got together, our sex life was amazing. we would have sex multiple times in a day and would explore sexual fantasies we both have. john would wake up early with me and we'd have sex before work, he'd surprise me sexually and made me feel sexually amazing. around christmas time, john's sex drive took a nosedive overnight. i asked why and he said he had some issues with his weight (christmas indulgence) and self esteem. i reassured him that i find him attractive and always will but his issues persisted. fast forward to now and he is a little more comfortable with himself but is now stressed with a new job role he has taken on. we have gone to having sex at least 2/3 times a week to once a fortnight or sometimes even longer. he says that when he's stressed, sex is the last thing on his mind. it's worth mentioning that i have a hard time initiating sex with boyfriends. it's not that i don't want to but i have a huge issue with rejection and when i've initiated with john a couple of times, he's turned me down because he was 'tired'. my previous boyfriends have been the ones who mainly initiated sex. this may be unrelated but john told me early on in our relationship how he and his long term ex stopped having sex at the end of the relationship, as it was fizzling out. that statement seems to keep echoing in my head reddit, how do i fix this? should i work on my issues with initiating? i love john and see a whole future with him but i can't fathom a sexless relationship in the future. this is starting to affect my confidence with how john feels about me, as i don't feel as attractive anymore. thank you! tl;dr - sex life is lacking, affecting confidence. please help!	2
have you ever considered this there probably hasn't ever actually been a food fight in real life like in the movies	10
i wish i had a girlfriend but i don't have any money what are other ways to catch whores? besides being a good person because clearly i'm not	4
i failed a test when i walked in the people from the last class were taking about how easy it was and near the end of the test the teacher was talking to another student about how she made the test to easy, when kids got done they all had 95s and 100s, when i finished i had a 65, i feel so dumb	4
my crush just told me to f*** myself later virgins my mom won't let me curse oopsie doopsie	0
i wanna talk about video games for a few moments mostly just wanted to discuss some thoughts i've had about my favorite franchises. * super hyped for bl3 (might go against all reason and preorder it). i've been looking forward to this for 5 years. i may actually not leave my apartment the weekend following its release will probably play as zane first. looking forward to seeing all those worlds (especially that city one in the trailer). * rage 2 is coming out in 2 weeks, looking forward to that. looks pretty cool. * the wild hunt from tw3 could've been **soo** much more. for all the lore, story, world building, music and setting, the wild hunt was very one dimensional. they looked cool and intimidating, the voice work was good. the boss fight was caranthir was the best by far. imlereth was meh (nice cutscene at the end), and eredin boss fight was blah. * the mass effect trilogy for me is like what the original star wars movies were to the star wars franchise; ot better than any other related content. i'll admit, rogue one was really good. but i don't ea/bioware will ever release anything mass effect for a long, long time, if ever. what are some of your random video game thoughts?	1
what's the most illegal thing you've done? i jaywalked in fifth grade (reposting in this sub bc r/atg is playing games with people)	2
anyone got a more relaxed version of global events then what the reddit political community is selling? seriously though what a toxic bunch. glad i left my stress levels have been steadily going down and also i can think pretty clearly now too it's so good to be free.	18
just got over my ex, feeling pretty great 🏼 it's been roughly a year and a half since my ex girlfriend and i broke up, most of that time i've been in a lot of pain and have constantly been checking her social medias out of curiosity and hurt. recently however i've realised it's an important part of life to grieve loss, and while i appreciate our good memories, when i think about her now i feel nothing. and day to day i just feel pretty great about everything. just wanted to share, hope everyone is doing well!	18
covid you bastard life has become so boring i want college to give me shit ton of assignments and i would happily do that.	4
i really got my first creepy reddit dm the other day, how exciting it went something like this: him: do you have bf? me: no him: do you like bi guys? me: perhaps him: you a bottom? me: i'm ace, also i'm a teen him: *begins to talk horny anyways, inviting me to a group chat* me: *leaves*	7
the day my nana accidentally got high and got lost in a bed bath and beyond tl;dr at bottom so this story is about my nana (grandmother) not me. my nana was visiting my cousins house as she frequently does. she normally comes by and drops off/ picks something up. mind you, my cousin had just baked a fresh batch of weed brownies and had them sitting on top of the stove as he was taking a shower. my nana goes into the house and drops off something for the family and notices that there are some brownies sitting on the stove. nobody was around to tell her what they were as my cousin was the only person home. she grabs a knife and eats not one but two brownies! realizing nobody is around to converse with she goes about her day and eventually makes her way to bed bath and beyond to look for some new furniture or something. now the store isn't exactly close to where my cousin lives and is a bit of a drive so the brownies had some time to start working. when she gets there and has been browsing along for a little while the two brownies hit her. she has never been high in her entire life and she just got ripped! (at the time she was 85) she realizes that she doesn't feel right and she needs to leave the store. problem is.... she can't find the exit. at this point, her anxiety is heightened and she doesn't know what to do. you would think she would just find an employee to help her get out of the store right? nope! she calls an ambulance! she is taken to the hospital and asked if she had taken any drugs. she said no and when they checked her eyes for responsiveness they saw her pupils were as big as olives. they disregarded what she said and i presume they took blood for a toxicology report. low and behold the doctors said yea your just really high you should be fine in a few hours. the entire family laughs about it but my nana is still so confused about how she couldn't find the exit. she just didn't understand how she could get lost in a bed bath and beyond tl;dr my 85 year old nana dropped by and ate some brownies that made her really high. she went to bed bath and beyond to browse around but mary jane had her downed. she couldn't find the exit and called the police because she thought she would end up deceased. the doctors said that she would be fine and that for next time to stay off that green vine.	1
for people who think they are garbage. are you garbage? then let me take you out	5
isn't it so entertaining to post something to get people annoyed on purpose it's so fun to see all the mad responses	4
i am 17 years old and i want to become a professional footballer. hello, i am 17 years old and i really want to become a professional footballer, i train 2 to 3 times a day, twice football - once in the gym, and i quit college because i want to follow my dreams my purpose and reasons are: i want to influence people to do good and show them that hard work always pays off. i want to help the poor and the people in need, i want to help everyone in the world. i want to help my family and friends. i have just moved to one of the best amateurclubs in my country and i hope i can develop myself from there. if any of you knows a coach, a scout or anything that could help me reach my dream, i would appreciate it alot! any positive feedback or private messages are welcome too :) or if you could send my name to anyone that could mean something to me, spread my name or something. my instagram is @miladysf10 if you want to see my skills. i have video's and photo's there. i wish you all the best in life and hope that you guys achieve every goal in life. [instagram link] (<url>)	3
my cat just opened a tampon now she's trying to open another one help	4
all my friends in my friend group have been loyal iphone customers since the iphone 4. i've been a loyal samsung customer since the galaxy s6 they recently switched over to android phones and i stfg i get calls from them every day asking "how do i do this? how do i do that?" i'm such an influencer	0
why is every other post on this subreddit " i asked out my crush " i regret using that emoji but it's the truth... every day i see minimum of 3 or more posts like this.... where did the posts about the poop knife go?!?	5
oh yeah we ordered pizza yesterday in case you want to know, dominos	4
'my mum doesn't close the door when she leaves my room' feel sorry for you, my house doesn't have doors.	0
we just took a quiz in history, hope i did okay plz be a good score p l e a s e	5
yeah i'm a sub a meatball sub	0
declining food from your friend because your crippling social anxiety tells you not to be a hassle like a boss	0
my (22f) best friend of 15 yrs reacts to being upset by blocking me (21f) and ignoring me on a regular basis tldr- my bff of 15+ years reacts to what other people say about me or things i post on facebook by blocking me and "ending our friendship" to come crawling back weeks or months later when she needs something. this has happened on probably more than 10 separate occasions. is this a red flag? should i stop allowing her to come back and just end the friendship? or is there an underlying problem with her that i may be able to help address? i've had a friend for 15+(?) years and she's so all over the place so i'm wondering if i should just say fuck it and cut contact for good. i've known her since 1st grade. we became inseparable in 7th grade. but she would hear one rumor about me not washing my butt or something stupid (there were about 106 kids in my grade so bullying was heavy) and she'd start bullying me for a week. throwing balls at me during p.e., yelling at me to move from her table at lunch etc. then the next week she'd show up at my house apologizing for being mean and asking to be my friend again because she wanted to come over. her and i both were bullied a lot in school so we really didn't have many friends, and when she tried to bully me with the other bullies so people would like her, it would almost always backfire. that happened probably 10 times throughout middle school and high school. at one point somebody convinced her i was on heroin my senior year (i was not, never even seen heroin irl) and she didn't speak to me for a month before she finally came to me asking if it was true. clearly it wasn't true because the person who initially told her this story also said my mother knew about my problem and my mother verified with her that it was untrue. my mother was and is still my best friend, and for a while there she was her best friend too. so she believed my mother whole-heartedly. moving onto a few months after high school. it was in bad taste, yes, but i shared a 9/11 joke on facebook and she threw a fit. saying i was insensitive, disgusting, and to never speak to her again. 2 weeks later, she's back apologizing and just wants me to know she was upset. i apologized as well because i hurt my friend. fast forward a couple years, she's moving to chicago. she'd never been on a plane so she asked for me to come with her, and i did. my boyfriend at the time drove us to the airport and during the trip (i don't remember the exact context) she made a joke about nazis and threw up the arm thing yelling "nein". so holocaust jokes are okay but 9/11 is off limits? *just to be clear i'm aware all of those jokes are in bad taste and i've grown a lot since then. i didn't say anything at the time but it stuck with me. we didn't speak much when she was in chicago, but while she was there my boyfriend at the time and i split up and i went to a pretty dark place. didn't leave the house or talk to anyone really. it was just work, school, repeat w/ no days off. she didn't like talking on the phone ever and one time i posted one status on facebook saying something like "the craziest thing just happened to me i wish i had a friend to call and tell about it" she didn't like that apparently bc i should've called her? i even specified i would have had she liked phone calls, but on many occasions she would either not answer or try to get off the phone asap. anyway, she blocked me on everything for months until she lost interest in chicago and decided to come back. at that point she texts me begging for my forgiveness of her for not being there when i was depressed, but then told me she needed a ride back home from the train station. so i picked her up from the train station and took her home. she's been back about two years now and i've seen her once, when i went to visit her mom in the hospital new years going into 2018. she's very active on facebook and has a lot of friends from all over the world (and very few she knows irl), and is very vocal about her sometimes controversial opinions. sometimes comes across as pretty racist (saying cultural appropriation isn't real and things of that nature), but again i never say anything. well today, i shared a meme of a man skeet shooting a baby doll and it said "we pro-choice on dis profile" and she said that it was not funny bc it meant i condoned shooting babies. then proceeded to unfriend me. again. for the 30000th time in our friendship lmao. i understand not everybody is pro-choice and i respect their right to an opinion but she is very pro-choice. even said in the comment on that meme that she's pro-choice but that particular meme was too much for her. it's like she picks and chooses what pisses her off and when she gets lonely she comes back begging for forgiveness for ghosting me when she needs something from me. are these red flags? should i just stop allowing her to come back? or maybe there's an underlying issue, possibly mentally, that's causing her to do this? in that case, how could i address and help her work on that? any feedback is appreciated, thank you.	10
i hate to let down my fans but i'm kinda in my flop era rn so many people praying on my downfall rn idk how long i can keep doing this shit filler filler!	7
casuals, what are your favorite tv shows? my favorite tv shows are sherlock, the man in the high castle, and gravity falls. and sometimes i watch mom and daredevil. recently i tried orange if the new black, but i gave it up because it's a little too explicit for me. do you guys have any recommendations for me? have a great day!	18
i didn't think it was that sad to not get presents on christmas until it really happened to me a little background: i'm 19, i live with my mom in california, i pay the rent, we aren't doing great on money. i usually get a couple things on christmas to open up most likely socks and a tee shirt my mom thought i would like or something but this year there was nothing under the tree at all. i got her a couple things and i didn't expect to get much at all. i woulda been cool with some socks just anything to open up i guess. seeing everyone open their presents and all these kids getting nice shit kinda upsets me. anyways, merry christmas everyone! hopefully i don't sound like a spoiled brat too much	1
tomorrow is my last day of high school holy shit i never thought this day would come. im thinking back to elementary school when they would talk about this day and graduation stuff and it never seemed real. all the dumb stuff we worried about for years doesn't really matter anymore. its also crazy how life is never gonna be the same. i'm so ready to go but so reluctant. childhood is really over now.	8
i'm now officially a teenager been lurking but i'm now officially 13. not only is it my birthday, it's also my c4ked4y.... yay off to stick my dick in a toaster. edit:later virgins	0
i leave work at 1 am now. fml i was switched to a better position but now i leave at 1 am instead of 11 pm. at least i get paid tomorrow	16
my dick may not be the biggest one there is.. but my love for you goes beyond infinity	2
it's a new day, and almost my first mother's day!! after the start of this week, i need to be happy! so today, i'm finishing my bedroom and then have to figure out what to get for my mom and mil. last year was a basket of gardening supplies for mil, and my mom got a spa basket. i'm at a loss this year. and apparently my husband is going to be looking for something for me-i guess since he knocked me up, he figures he has to do something nice for me as i'll be birthing his crotchfruit in december. what about you lovely people?	1
heys guys! mom said i'm special!1!!1 wait but whos ed?? i don't know anyone by that name	10
more ranting.. i feel like someone from this sub knows me.. i post so much here lmao ok first thing. i've suffered from insomnia for years. sometimes i can't sleep for days. it gets so bad to the point of me losing chunks of the day. i go to r/askdocs and there's this person complaining about only being able to sleep 5 hours for the last 3 weeks. she was acting like it was the end of the world. pffffffttt. i quite literally loled. girl you think that's bad? now try that for 8 years. k second.... holyyyy fuckkkk i want my waiver to come in	4
i am a barbie doll	1
accidentally sending a snap about a person, to that person.. it wasn't anything terrible, but i still feel like a total asshole for making it known to my friend that i was mildly talking shit. so i currently live in fl, but before that tn and before that mi. it's finally getting to be that time of year where it cools down and starts to feel amazing, and i go from despising florida to just disliking it. i love this 55-75 degree weather. it's absolutely perfect. well, i'm at work this morning chatting with my friend on our company chatroom, and she mentions that is was really cold this morning (55-57ish) and i joke with her a bit saying "cold?! ha! that's cute." but then i go on snapchat to send the conversation to a couple of my best friends, who live in alaska and vermont respectively, because i'd figure they'd get a kick out of it as much as i had. well, muscle memory and habit kicked in, and i selected my work friend's name in snapchat as well and sent it. my heart sank... i immediately messaged her on our chatroom and let her know (i figured it'd be one of those, 'better to hear from me first' things..) she had only replied to respond to something we were talking about previously, but nothing else since. usually she does go radio silent throughout the day or take a while to respond because work, but she hasn't said anything since and my anxiety has kicked in thinking she hates me now and i feel like a shitty friend tl;dr: i accidentally sent a snapchat of a conversation i was having with a friend to mildly make fun of it, to that friend.	12
can someone say some good things and that i'm overreacting or could you just tell me something good that happened to you because that would be rad	0
man my life sucks my grades are bad my parents hate me i have severe depression and a lot more i don't wanna talk about idk it's just been ruff these past few months anyone wanna chat dm me pls	18
not triple bagging piss tifu while i was trying to pass a drug screen for a job application. unfortunately larger companies continue to drug test in a manner that unfairly punishes marijuana smokers (weed can stay in your system as long as 30 days, despite nit smoking recently, depending on previous usage; whereas harder drugs will leave your system sooner) and i was required to take a piss test. i did not have enough notice to attempt a cleanse of some sort or to at least stay clean for a few weeks so i asked a friend for some pure columbian, grade a, all natural and drug free urine. my friend kindly obliged yet as we had never done this before, our chosen method of transporting said piss proved to be less than adequate. the urine started in a warmed thermos to maintain temperature en route to the facility. this worked fine, and upon arrival i transferred the pee to a ziploc sandwich bag that i could hide in my pants. i had tested this method earlier in the day, and one bag with an attached hand warmer proved enough to maintain the piss for a short time. for extra security, i double bagged my sample and stashed it in my crotch, just below my man purse. everything seemed a ok as i approached the building, and i didnt think twice about it as i signed in and began my wait. the wait was about 45 minutes, despite the place being empty. the first 30 minutes went by flawlessly, i even went to the bathroom once to inspect the package and ensure its safety. as i came out of the bathroom my friend returned and sat in the waiting room with me. after another 5 minutes we both began to notice an unusual odor, very musty and clearly of pissly origin. the foul stench emanated from beneath me, and before i had time to react, my name was called. as i stood i felt between my legs and realized in horror, that a small dinner plate sized circle of leaking urine had formed between my legs. an equally repulsive wet stain remained on my chair, right next to my shocked donor buddy. i hung my head in shame as i shambled towards the bathroom, attempting to hide my obvious "accident" from the attendant. as i entered the bathroom i realized i still had enough piss to salvage the test, if not my dignity. i used the remaining liquid gold to satisfy the cups demands, and awkwardly shuffled out, positioning myself to avoid showing off my wet ass. i even turned my pants around so as to better place the stain between my legs and up near my crotch, limiting its visibility. i have no clue if the doctors or attendants could see my mishap, and thankfully they were polite enough not to comment, however i and my now diminished pride will never forget, the day i pissed myself, and took the walk of shame through the doctors office. cheers to maybe still getting the job	1
what has been your biggest annoyance recently? for me my husband drank for the first time in months and was an absolute twat after having to much. i mean i'm 15 weeks pregnant and having to deal with a giant man child for the night. super obnoxious, misunderstanding everything but insisting i'm the one who's confused. (yeah, sure. the sober one is the one misunderstanding things, right.) fucker got to drunk and i'm pretty sure has alcohol poisoning so i didn't want him to get into bed and possibly aspirate on his own vomit, but noooo. let's argue about it instead for 30 minutes, only to finally agree to chill on the couch and sober up a bit after i give up and tell him to go ahead and choke on his vomit. (shouldn't have said that.) but on the plus side of things he's so knocked out i'm popping all his zits and he's not constantly bitching about it. hard to complain when your sleeping like a dead man. at least he's not trying to piss in the laundry like last time! this has definitely been my biggest annoyance in months. what's yours?	18
i can officially say i lost all my swag i lost my humor i lost my smoothness i lost who i was. it's time to leave for good and see if the next life can be better let this be a tribute to a shitty page u/-deleted____ good bye	2
banned on the discord all i did was post a meme in general by accident	2
what nickname did you give your penis or vagina? i haven't named my dick yet so it doesn't have a personality or anything, it's just a shallow, hollow dick with no feelings, yep, just a boring penis	7
a girl just called me funny cya later virgins	0
does anyone else ever get that feeling where you like know you're getting something and you're really excited and you like can't wait and you kinda feel sick and sweat and it's really weird but ur just anxious to get it	9
i would like to give a shout out i would like to give a shout out to u/somewhitspick89. i love you and you are the fucking best. i wouldn't change a thing. thank you for everything and who you are. everything i love, is everything i put on your credit cards.	3
i did it!! i have finally finished first year at university studying accountancy. it may not seem like much but after battling mental health, panic attacks and constant migraines i am so so proud to say i completed my final exam out of six today! yeah it may have taken two attempts of first year and i may not have got the best grades but i'm glad i pushed through and fought myself everyday to continue on my course! hopefully i can carry on and make my baby boy very proud of his mummy	3
periods are so weird if u think abt it like ur shedding from the inside	17
bro i wanna go back to 2013 everything didnt suck as much it was lit i miss those days	2
find it hard to say no and may be too flirty and romantic relationships freak me out a bit i'm a general flirty person, and i (21 f) add s and lots of emojis to everything. but sometimes that gives people the wrong impression, even though i'm just trying to be nice and i don't mean anything romantic by it. i also find it hard to say no to or reject people once they've gotten a romantic idea.. how can i still be nice without giving people a romantic impression? the thought of having a serious romantic relationship with someone freaks me out, and i always end up making excuses to end it or to not go further? i love chatting with people, and getting to know them, and flirting and yes, sexting every now and then.. but the idea of a serious relationship freaks me out. i don't know why, and i'd love to know how i can be less anxious about it. i've never been in a serious relationship, perhaps i am a bit of a workaholic and generally a nervous person.. i worry about everything in a relationship. from how i look to what i say, just everything. tl;dr! how do i be less flirty in texts and how do i say no when i don't like what someone else is doing or saying or where they're aiming the relationship towards? also, how can i be less anxious about serious relationships?	3
i have been thinking about this a lot lately and i don't know where else to post this okay, so there is a pretty popular youtuber that goes by killemftw. i used to religiously watch this guy's videos. he did a lot of eating challenges and jackass style stunts. i liked him, he seemed like a genuinely nice person and he had a lot of childlike energy and goofiness. he was like a big kid, basically. okay and i might have thought he was cute. anyway! as i watched him doing these crazy challenges, i started to genuinely become concerned for his health and wellbeing. he made a video he has since deleted talking about how he had to go to the hospital and he had a freaking ulcer from eating so many carolina reapers. i believe he ate 100 in one sitting. also, his kidneys were shutting down. after that video, it wasn't fun to watch him destroy himself anymore, now that he had genuine health complications, but it didn't seem to phase him. he still kept up with the crazy shit. then he posted another video that has since been deleted where he spoke of shutting down his account because he finally realized the damage he was doing. what sparked that was he was having someone throw gas soaked tennis balls, that were set on fire, at his back. he ended up catching on fire and got pretty hurt. thankfully, he stopped, dropped and rolled. i was happy. i honestly wished the man well, i didn't want to see him get hurt. he had only a moderate following at this time, around 100k subs and was only pulling around 30k views per video. i thought that was the end of it and i was glad he was moving on, but then one day i was on youtube and one of his videos was recommended to me. it had 4+ million views. he had blown up, went viral. last time i checked he had over 1 million subs and he's back to doing the reckless things. it just makes me sad that this man is literally destroying himself for internet fame, that's all. he seems like a cool person, but not too bright. i don't know why this has been bothering me so much, i guess it's just a sad sight to see someone willfully sabotage their life like this. i don't know.	10
can i get the hoodie and the girl back? i (m25) managed to re-kindle a flame with a coworker (f23) from 5 summers ago (so we were 20 and 18). we had only been exchanging snapchats/liking & dm'ing brief conversations off our insta posts to keep up over the years. still always thought she was the cutest and we definitely have great chemistry. we went to different schools, she's 2 years younger than me, and we normally weren't in our hometown at the same time. regardless, finally got to see her face to face and went skiing with her recently (bought her lift ticket and drove us). we talked the entire time, and didn't even need to have music on for the drive. the conversations were so engaging and getting to catch up with her after all these years was great. so we started texting consistently and going on occasional dates for a couple weeks this winter. mostly ending in us watching netflix on my bed and some cuddling and kissing. first weekend rolls around where we're free from work and want to hangout. we go to a fun bar, get drunk, and she was eager to get an uber back to my place... removing layers up the stairs, i picked her up and laid her down on my bed and kept making out. things were getting heated. she could tell i was hard from dry humping so she asks if i have a condom. i just kinda drunkenly reached for them in my bedside drawer. tried putting one on but lost all the momentum, plus whiskey dick was settling in. she's talking dirty to me and i'm trying to salvage this from going downhill. she wouldn't change positions, wouldn't use her hands, and just starfished on my bed. so it went downhill and we didn't fuck. i thought it was awkward and took blame. she insists it's fine but decides to leave. i gave her one of my hoodies and she left in an uber. i'm pretty defeated. we're still texting a little over the next two days but she always has an excuse for why she can't hangout. (errands, too busy from work, she's a nurse and can be away for hours, but normally she could always text/snap me at work) finally i just asked what's going on? haven't heard from you much this weekend (which i thought was weird considering she wanted to fuck me on friday night) and hope it wasn't because of the shitty circumstances surrounding how that night ended. she apologizes and says she's been busy packing for a vacation that week, tired from work. i said i kinda need the hoodie back for my vacation coming up soon and she agreed to get it back to me. then out of the blue that evening she says sorry for ignoring my hangout requests but she just started dating someone. sorry she made it seem like she was available, that wasn't fair, and it wasn't something i did wrong. ok cool, thanks for being honest with me, but i'd like that hoodie back please haha hahaha ok i'll return it 🏻 a few weeks pass with no communication. i didn't get back to her about the hoodie before my vacation. she texts me a week after my vacation and says sorry i didn't have the hoodie for my trip, when can i get it back to you? i haven't responded and it's been a week. frankly, i don't give a fuck about that hoodie. i'm kinda pissed she was either lying to me about a boyfriend to avoid me, using me for dates, or was playing both of us simultaneously and i got the short end of the stick. i still like her and want (no, need) redemption. i've been in a dry spell since that night. not sure how to go about it though. do you think she actually wants to meet back up or was she just doing some spring cleaning and is kind enough to ask if i want it back before trashing it? tldr: an old flame and i started talking with again had one night of poor sexual performance from me and now has my hoodie. i want redemption, but she started dating a guy less than 2 days after that night....	18
they have a switch case but no sub or dom cases we live in a society	2
what do i (27f) about my college friend (28f) who is probably upset with me for missing her rehearsal dinner? don't know how to do a crosspost, and this will get deleted if i add a link, but please read my last post on the weddingplanning sub. after apologizing for not communicating, she told me to figure things out and let her know and she would not feel any differently about our friendship regardless of my decision. i replied that i was happy to hear her say that, and that i would let her know. no reply. then thursday (3 later), i sent this text: *hey, so i confirmed with work today that i would be penalized if i leave early or call out on friday, so i definitely won't be able to make the rehearsal dinner (or anything before like 9:30pm - flight lands @8:57). i would love to be one of your bridesmaids still, but if it's important that i be at the dinner to do so, i understand and will just be a guest. let me know!* she is always a fast replier (within an hour) and has never ignored a text of mine. but she has not replied to this, but is posting stories with friends on instagram. i'm suspecting she's upset with me, but don't know how to broach this. it's really upsetting me. tl;dr: please see my other post for context. my friend might be upset that i will miss her rd.	3
some of the most understanding people are some of the ones i least expected. i work at a substance use treatment facility (rehab) and i adore my job. i also have a food addiction for which i see a specialized counselor and a dietician. i always feel weird talking about my addiction because it seems really silly and fake, like who even is addicted to food? i try and model healthy coping to the residents where i work which requires some degree of vulnerability (it's hard to balance how much). i thought bringing up my food addiction would make them like "okay, whatever, we know what real addiction is ," like i'm gatekeeping my own problem for myself, but you know what? they've been so much more supportive and understanding than non-addiction suffering people in my life (aside from my husband). usually i get like "haha, who isn't?" or "yeah i'm on a diet too, have you tried keto?!" and it's like... i'm not on a diet, i need to fundamentally alter my relationship with food and people don't get it. but the residents have been nothing but understanding and will even make comments when they see me making a lot of effort like "oh hood choice for breakfast this morning." they also respect when i say no to certain foods because once i start i have a hard time stopping (which i feel like they probably know something about) instead of the pressure of "oh come on, it's a special dinner" or "you've been doing so good on your *diet* you should treat yourself." what are some ways people have defied your expectations and/or what are some ways it turns out that how you expected others to act or react was more an issue within yourself than with the other people?	11
i got 2 complements in a row i was walking down the street and 2 different people complemented me. pretty epic	0
accidentally blocked girly on snap anyways how's y'all's day going? personally i am so fucking detached from reality rn	7
i'm homeless, but the m is silent... feels bad man	2
watched american sniper and cried cried cried movie was incredible. when it got to the end and the text appeared on the screen i lost it. boyfriend forgot to warn me i guess. now i can't go to sleep	14
this girl(f21) has taken a complete 180 with me(m21) in our current relationship, and i'm not sure what happened. hi guys, this is my first time posting and hopefully i get some good feedback. anyways i have alot on my mind at the moment so hopefully i can convey this is an alright manner. so here is some context into my relationship with this girl. this girl and i have been tuning for about a month and a bit. we known each other since first year uni but only started talking properly in third year. initially we tagged each other in everything on facebook, and would send anything cute through instagram (eg.dogs), even though we are number one friends on snapchat it feels different, in what we send each other. we also talk essentially every day since the first time i hit up her dms. legit all my mates had read my convos and thought she was 100% into me. so only recently was her 21st bday at penthouse, and it was your normal party filled with drinks and socializing. it was the after math that shocked me. i had actually planned to sleep over but i didnt know where i was sleeping. until she said "i like to sleep on the right side you can sleep on the left". of course this shocked me hard. later when we were both in bed, we chatted for a while then i proceeded to tickle her cuz she said she was ticklish. i felt the moment was right, so i went in for the kiss and we ended up making out. i told her i like her and she said i like you too. but she pre warned me that she doesn't get attaches easily, so i asked her "what about me?". she said you're different. the next day afterwards, we cuddled and both caught the same train line home and kisses each other goodbye. when she was home we chatted like normal and tagged each other in random stuff again. i thought everything was fine until the day after that. for some reason she went cold turkey, and hasn't tagged me in anything on fb or sent me anything through insta. i see her tag her other mates, so i definitely know she isn't busy. the confusing part is that, she still likes my insta posts, keeps a snapchat streak with me and even initiates convos with me. like asking how my day is ? how is work? what are you getting to today?. i'm so frustrated cuz i don't understand how she changed in one day, and decided to go cold turkey with me. even though, she still talks to me through facebook. if you guys made it this far, thank you for listening to my long ass rant. if you could provide some of your own experiences or opinions that would be great. tl;dr a girl i've been talking to a lot/going on dates. has changed the day after we made out and cuddle together. unsure why she changed so fast in one day?	8
i am an ageless person i still listen to lady facking gaga. shit hits hard like it still did back in the day	15
does anybody here play roblox or is it just me	7
sex -_- imagine actually having someone to do it with, right now. instead of being endlessly unsatisfied	2
where can i watch kingsman does anyone know where to watch the first kingsman movie (for free) in english? it's not on netflix in my county	15
falling in love from a distance not even falling in love, but just having a "crush" on people that i will probably never talk to, seems to be my area of expertise. i do this all the time last year i met someone outside of a club and spoke for an hour or so, and i _still_ think about this person now and then. i just think it's kind of nice to think about something that probably will never happen. anyone else? or am i really weird	1
what a wonderful day there's a new image of my waifu and it's easter this is great	3
horny post self explanatory and also could y'all rate my hands from my previous post dm if you're down to help idk	15
i've never been rejected i get ghosted instead	0
wait do i have good taste or not <url>	13
my life will be complete when i have a s/o that dyes their hair a matching color with me that is all	18
all of my friends hung out without telling me today but they posted about it on tikout currently accepting friend applications bc apparently i'm too annoying to have real friends woo	0
i'm glad i didn't go out tonight i was supposed to go out drinking to celebrate a friends bday (my hubby was going to stay home with the kids). i decided not to go and i let my friend know about the change in plans a few days ago. tonight, i had the best night just playing with my kids and my 4 yo said that she wants to be just like me when she grows up. hard to believe i would have missed these moments if i was out drinking.	4
how do i make online friends? i'm (18f) kind of introverted so i haven't been very social during the pandemic. i've always wanted to have online friends because it seemed easier and less socially draining than irl friends, but i never know how to get them. i've tried joining discord servers and snapchat groups and stuff, but things usually dry up in a couple days and i never really connect with anyone. any advice would be helpful, thanks	6
my cat did that thing where he was in my lap and jumped off my crotch. that shit hurt	2
my mom my mom was talking about birth control this morning, which means she still has secks... going to k-word myself	7
can someone talk with me rn hmu	8
cassette tape stories (okay a bit of background, i've always thought that being a voice actor would be an amazing job, and i also have plenty ideas for stories to tell.) so i recently found a cassette tape recorder, and i had the crazy idea of narrating some stories onto cassette tapes, just for fun. my mom says it's a waste of $60, but i think it'll keep be productive this summer and it's a pretty cool idea. should i go through with it? what stories should i tell? do half of you know what a cassette tape is?	10
call me an ass-assin cause i just fucked over john f. kennedy	0
imagine someone trying to murder you like you and a serial killer are wrestling over a knife or some shit while starring at each other like	5
this sub is a lot better than it was 10 months ago good job my dudes fuck you new rulessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss filler filler filler filler (is this enough?)	18
hey guys im 69 inches now give me all of your karma	0
can somebody here help me out real quick?? im trying to get better at singing for my music. i need somebody to listen to like a 20 sec snippit of my song and give me feedback on my voice. thanks	3
when you're find a fire meme but it's already friday [sad virgin noises]	14
that epic moment when youre asked what you do for fun and the only thing you can come up with is playing videogames	0
hey you're cool	0
trying to be more positive. lately i've been stressed and going through a lot of stuff, both at work and at home. so i've decided it's time to step back from all the drama and basically remove myself from all things negative. there's no point in getting all worked up about things and people you can't change. i'm 22 years old and already have gray hairs lmao i mean really... i'm genuinely commited to being a more chilled person and having a more relaxed attitude towards people and everyday life. i know this post is random just wanted to share how i'm trying to live life in a better and more calm, stress free way hope you all have a great night!	19
9/27/18 i fucked up today i accidentally called 911 on my apple watch today was in pt. we were doing this weird type of push ups i forgot wt they're called but you're in a line, your feet are on the shoulders of the guy behind you and you have someone else's feet on your shoulders idfk. they were significantly harder tho. anyway, everyone was saying "someone called 911 with their apple watch" and my ears were fucked up or something bc i couldn't hear them. everyone kept commenting etc. after about 5-10 seconds of the person being on the watch walking i realized it was me (awkward.. lmao) i hung up when i realized. a few minutes after it happened and i realized it sounded like a prank call since everyone was cracking up about the push ups and i just hung up.. today was definitely an interesting day..	7
i want a guy to cuddle	2
why do all my friends have to go to sleep early? its 11:00pm where i am and all my friends are asleep and i have no one to talk too	2
finnaly i am 17 and i can meet up with all the single milfs in my area	17
single working mom here (27f) currently working on my bachelor's. finished this semester and kept my 4.0! just finished my last in-semester class yesterday! i've been taking 3 or 4 classes that keep me in school 4 days a week. organic chem was rough, that's all i'll say about that lol. luckily the rest of the program is online, so pumped! i work midnight weekends, 3 12's, at my hospital (i'm a medical lab tech). i'm a single mom with a four year old and i just got legal custody of my 17 year old sister who has type 1 diabetes. i have to manage the hell out of my time. the only thing that gets me through is my amazing support system, my family and close friends. im only 3 semesters away from my bachelors and i've kept my 4.0! and i couldnt have done it without them! i'm just so happy that i had to share! and now it's time to enjoy my summer off!	6
happy birthday to me! it's my birthday y'all! all i want is for y'all to help and sub to r/scissorsinfruit thanks	6
such hypocrisy so apparently when reddit bullies rich people for being the 1% its "cool" and "trendy" but when i bully minorities for being the 1% reddit says its "racist" and "genocidal" smh fucking hate this website	11
my 11 year old brother has kissed a girl before me my family has been laughing at me for 3 days . at least he got whooped for kissing someone during covid.	2
my [24m] ex [23f] of 5 years has been ruining my life and now i can't leave the island we live on so i dated this girl all through college, went on lots and lots of country wide rd trips, family events etc even organized annual events in our local community so we were really close and everyone knew about us as a couple, in fact, the whole thing kicked off after we shared a near death experience in a car crash so i really really cared about her. long story short she slept with not one but 4 of my "friends" behind my back while she was with me (on our country wide rd trips) and is now dating the son of one of my dads workmates... (it's a small country and the degrees of separation are very small so almost anywhere i go to theres some from of trigger) after we broke up i was very upset but eventually thought i'd moved on until one of her former best friends rang me out of the blue to confide in me that she'd been sa by my ex's friend and that i'd have to testify in court to confirm their whereabouts because i was in their house on the night it allegedly happened. i broke down over this and made a mistake of contacting my ex's family under the lines of did you inow about this shit and included all the crap she'd done behind my back and what her friend had now allegedly done too. my ex then publicly posted to social media that i was a pathetic pos and that she would be placing a restraining order against me. this was now in the public domain, i lost friends and respect and was indeed issued the restraining order. despite this i still deeply cared for her at this point even with all the chaos and my world being turned upside down i tried to contact her to explain that i was just emotionally crippled and i still cared about her and wanted to be civil and have her in my life to some extent (big mistake). i was arrested for breaking the restraing order and now can't leave the country and have trouble getting hired now that i have a criminal record. im left thinking oh shit that escalated very quickly...i kind of made it worse than it had to be but i'm still reminded of it every single day now its been 14 months i can't leave the country i constantly run into people that judge me purely based on this (again it's a small island country) and i feel like i'm trapped. tl;dr: ex gf cheated on me i reacted emotionally, got myself a criminal record, its ruined my quality of life and now i can't leave our island even if i wanted to, any advice?	12
i've reached that point in my adulthood where i can no longer sleep in i'm 21 now, so i know i'm not old at all but when i was at least 2 or 3 years younger, i can sleep all the way til noon on a weekend, especially at this point where i'm not in school for the summer. but now, since over the past couple years of waking up at 7:30 am to get ready for work, i've managed to adapt to waking up at the first glimpse of sunlight and my body is ready for the rest of the day. on the bright side, i have no need for an alarm clock. last night i stayed up late knowing i want to sleep for at least a couple extra hours compared to usual since i'm off on weekends (substitute teacher perks). i spent the night out and came home at about midnight and fell asleep around 2:00 am. at least i can make it to the gym in the early hours now 🏼	18
thinking of getting acrylic nails ^_^ i've made an effort two weeks ago to stop biting my nails once and for all. it worked some how i have nails now! buuut however this week was not such a good week for me because i had super high anxiety and i bit my nails ;-; omg i was so mad at myself but my anxiety couldn't help it. so anyway it's 6am and i'm thinking " hm i should get acrylic nails so that my natural nails could grow underneath without me biting them. " i'm scared though because i don't know where to get them done well. i say well because some nail technicians aren't experienced with doing acrylic nails and they do it wrong resulting in damaging your natural nail. ( i used to watch a lot of nailcareereducation so ) yeah i had no one to talk to about this that's why i'm on reddit hah	18
everybody dm me with a pic of yourself or else	16
i was invited to a sleepover with boys now i'll finally know what y'all r talking about at sleepovers	16
for the boys bitch how do i get rid of cum stains on underwear someone help me	4
so my mom is making me watch a whole movie with my family so that we all spend some 'quality time' together...	15
i have a crazy ex so like i dated this one person over two years ago and the relationship that happened was extremely toxic, they dated this one person a while ago and while they were dating i almost got in a fight with my ex's significant other because my ex claimed "i was still in love with them" (btw i got over them like 3 months after we broke up), till this day my ex still flirts with me and they almost went as far as showing up to my house even though they know my parents hate them, recently they just made a fake account of me on instagram, the questions i have are what should i do? how should i react to this? and what do you guys think? (they've done more things but those are what i can think of off the top of my head)	7
i tested positive. positive for missing the homies seriously we haven't hung out together in months.....	2
accidentally bringing up the loss of a newborn child at my so's family dinner this actually just happened today and i had to make a throwaway account for obv reasons. everyone was at the table just talking amongst themselves and somehow the talk of children and having children came up. one of my so's cousins has 2 kids at the age 38 and her oldest, age 10, was sitting right across from me while she sat next to her mom. my so's cousin gestured at her daughter when she said "i was pregnant with twins". being the clueless dumbass i am, it didn't click in my head that i had never seen this little girls twin. i immediately responded "oh that's cool! how does it feel having a twin? do they look just like you?" ya know how you talk to kids right? she responds "i'll let mommy respond, we don't talk about it." when she said that i was still confused but thought "umm what?" a dead silence in the room. her mom, my so's cousin tries to shake off the complete awkwardness i stirred up by saying "whoa that got dark haha, yeah i was pregnant with twins and i...i ended up losing one." i apologized and gave my condolences and now everyone here is chatting amongst themselves moving on from the topic but i can't help but feel like a fucking idiot. there's an awkward tension in the air that you can grab and i'm pretty sure her family won't be forgetting this one. tl;dr asked my so's cousin's 10 year old daughter what it's like to have a twin. her mom then let's me know that she lost her twin in childbirth at the dinner table in front of everyone. happy new year everyone	12
yes'm yesn't yeesn't yeetn't automod stay away from my post or i'm coming for you.	16
you ever just want a guy with strong ripped abs and a steel cockring on to fuck you cause i definitely do	5
damn why is my butt so plump my undies get stretched out ^suffering ^from ^success	2
guys, i need a favor i need y'all to bonk u/max_the_throw_away she's very horny and needs a degree 5 bonk please help shawty	2
i unironically use " " please don't hurt my karma too much :(	1
anyone know something about u/pugpartner? please guys... i started to talk with him in july, after i've seen a selfie post, that he posted here. we were talking to like the first week of december. we could share anything to each other. and then... we just didn't talk anymore. i really fear, something bad happened with him. like got killed, raped etc. i'm still worrying about him as hell. please! only 1! please say is he ok or not.	4
dream girl february 2020, i have a dream, it starts off and it's my birthday, my dads in the room talking about something on the phone and he leaves. my step brother was also in the room and he says something about going to lunch and how it's my birthday and how he promised my father he'd take me today as a surprise. i declined as i was about to go on a date. the next scene in the dream was set up like a side scroller, i was holding this girls hand and we were leaping through ruble and flames as this city around us crumbled. there was nobody to be seen, we soon found ourselves scrounging for snacks in a disheveled meijer, and we were about to come out empty handed when we spot the corner of the store had caved in, there was a fancy metal garden table with just the snacks we were looking for sitting on the pile of concrete and roof tiles as god rays shown through an orange dust. we go to the table and take the snacks, it really would've been a neat spot for a date but instead we climbed up to the roof. we sat on the edge of the building overlooking the city. from there we watched a sunset so vibrant red and orange it almost matched the intensity of the flames dotting and covering the horizon below. i had that dream in late february. i met a girl in late march this girl, with out having me told her about the dream and before we told eachother how we felt, asked if i wanted to climb on top of this old building that she lives by, get some snacks and watch the sunset. i do believe i have met my dream girl. it feels like the stars have aligned and the gods hand crafted her she's perfect in every way and i'm not usually this much of a hopeless romantic but for her? yeah alyssa if you're reading this i love you more	0
i'm unstoppable when i have mascara on watch out world	0
are you a fan of willy wonka and the chocolate factory? wanna see my oompa loompa	17
damn girl, you seem like a cupcake because you lack some of that cream if you know what i mean	17
someone quickly comment u/profanitycounter under this post. i wanna see	12
plz sign the petition so belle delphine can go to homecoming with me <url>	15
my wife just got a promotion a work and i am so happy for her! so my wife came home from work the other day and told me that she finally worked up the courage and waited till the right time till ask her boss for a raise and he gave it to her with no questions asked! he actually said he wasn't aware she was being paid so little to begin with and that she definitely deserved it. to be honest she has basically been carrying the store for almost two years now and she had been expressing her frustration for a while. now she said she actually feels like her job is worth going to. i am just so happy for her and it's amazing!	6
for everyone.. this year has been quite shit for everyone. to the people who have lost loved ones: hold on to those memories, use those emotions to keep going, we have to face the hard truth that they are not going to come back but trust me over time you will learn to except this. i'm not saying the pain will every fully go away but at some point you have to let go to the people with friends struggling: check in with them, if you know what people are going through and they trust you enough to tell you, use that information to try and change that. you can be that one person that can make them reconsider something in there life, sometimes all they need is someone who cares, someone who can just listen. to the people that know no one struggling: look around, at your friends, family, co workers. the people you least expect always have something going on. ask the friend that seems to have it all together, ask the friend who doesn't talk to much, ask the friend who is often home alone, ask the friend who looks like they have pain in there eyes. to the people that are struggling themselves: reach out, there's always someone who will listen and genuinely care about you and if you can't think of any i'm sure that someone in this sub would be more then happy to listen, you're not alone. so many people are silently drowning, to scared to spill there emotions to other people, to scared of what would happen if they did, you brain won't let you see how bad something is getting. if you can't figure out how to help yourself, help others, be there for someone just like you want there to be someone for you to the people who are suicidal: even if you feel like you don't have a reason to live, use those emotions and feelings to push other people that need it then eventually u might learn to help yourself to. as someone who covers most of these, i want to exist for other people, i don't really care abt myself (idk if that's a good thing ) but if you read this it means nothing without doing something and ik not many will see this but if i can change one persons outlook that's all that matters	7
now i realize how hard life is i can't do homework 'cause of depression, seriously i can't stop thinking of it, i tried running away multiple times...i can't until this point where my parents don't want me anymore,	13
oh. you like music? name every note on the g harmonic minor scale, as well as every chord	0
how are you guys doing? i just made my first cup of tea a month after moving country and it was pretty bad. i miss being able to make a reliable cup of tea 3 times a day... other than that, been trying to get a summer job, finding out about driving lessons, and waiting till july 6th to get my ib highschool grades. life's pretty good, even with the absence of a decent cup of tea . how are you guys doing?	8
i [25m] feel crushed by being ghosted by my [23 f] girlfriebd tldr i'm 25 and dated an amazing 23 year old girl this summer and fall. i had to move at the end of summer while we were still in the honeymoon phase of the relationship and decided to stay friends after i moved out of town. i visited her once but the second time i told her i was coming to town and happy to see her, she ghosted me. weeks later she contacted me missing me wanting to see me so we went for coffee. i never asked her why she ghosted me and kept the coffee date relaxed cause i did not want to put pressure on her. after the coffee she ignored one of my texts asking her to a formal event. i feel heavily heartbroken and am having a hard time moving on. i love this girl and know she is amazing and though i haven't told her how heartbroken i am, i feel shattered internally and dont wanna be with anyone else, have trouble sleeping, trouble focusing on my athletic team and school. i keep trying to find reasons in my mind why she ghosted me (eg during our relationship neither one of us told the words "i love you" directly but i sent her lots of emojis and cards and everything i did for her was from bottom of my heart so my actions showed my love to her. in my mind i'm like is it because of not saying i love you that she ghosted? or is it because we stayed friends rather than boyfriend/girlfriend? but then i think that we still kept in touch routinely for a good month after staying friends. it could be many reasons and i keep asking what ifs and it's driving my mind crazy. i'm trying to see a counselor soon but in the main time i feel that despite being an accomplished athlete that i'm mentally crushed because i secretly hope that i could be with her again when i'm older and living in same place. may be it's false hope may be not. i don't know what to do. being ghosted sucks and my health fitness and school responsibilities are taking a bad hit. i had 2 other girlfriends in the past but this ghosting thing has crushed my soul and i keep blaming myself for what i could have done if anything and what i can do if anything to be with her	3
my wii fell on top of my head today could be worse right?	12
from the brain of a crazy teen: what if the windows solitaire had windows strip poker where if you win windows-chan showed you her tits	5
can everyone list reasons in the comments of why having a tv in my room is beneficial?? please, i can't come up with anything and i have enough money for it	2
its 4 am and i cant sleep this is so epic i really wanna sleep someone help	0
my dad called al gore's wife a bitch because she made al gore want to put parental advisory on music this isn't even the first time he's said that too. every time he listens to twisted sister he brings it up	1
randomly meeting a girl at sonic?? i am a carhop at sonic, it was post football game rush and i see that i'm going to a nicer looking car.. there's a girl and i think a guy is in the passenger. this cute chick pops out of nowhere from the backseat, and says 'i like your drug rug' (i learned that it was my hoody that has this wonderful name. she began to seem pretty interested in me. she asked what my name was, and i gave it to her. at this point i was half tripping because i had been out there for a minute but i was also getting flirted with. i know she knows my name, i told her i'm on fb, but so hear of the moment o didn't even so much as ask her for her name, or find out where she lived or anything. waiting on a random friend request ig	1
not being attracted to hairy legs righto, so i'm in sixth form, which in england is the transitory stage between high school and university, where you work to complete a-levels - a harder version of the gcses done in high school. as is characteristic with these places, it is home to a group of girls who are passionate sjws, we all know these types. so, innocently sitting with my group during break (recess) i was pulled into their conversations about pointless social issues that hardly exist. you know. but how so? their conversation brought up an earlier point i made elsewhere, which is that i wouldn't date a woman with hairy legs. not to say women shouldn't have hairy legs - they're totally free to do so; and i won't get in their way. but, a woman with hairy legs i'm not attracted to - so i wouldn't date. fair enough? never the less, it was brought up, and so i naturally felt the need to justify it. no worries, it's only a little chat, this has happened before and didn't matter, what's the problem? heh, yeah, dead wrong. the thing is that i hardly said anything - they wound themselves up talking to me, their voice increasingly more excruciating as they shouted and shouted. so with bait as clear as my naivety is boundless, the hooked me like a javelin to a goldfish. my fuck up? i should have refused to argue, but i hadn't. i should have been neutral, but i wasn't. i should have ended it early - but i didn't. so one of them messages me that evening, i discussed calmly, showing not the faintest sign of disrespect - but she argued. a couple of gems: "so therefore you are shaming them because you're saying they're weird and so not good enough to date" - yes because me not being attracted to someone and therefore not wanting to date them = shaming. but my expressions that my attraction to others doesn't change their value as a person were for nothing: "there's a difference between a preference and being fucking rude ok you can say 'i prefer girls without armpit hair' you cannot say 'i won't date a girl with armpit hair'" - oh damn! this is 1984, and you aren't allowed to have your own thoughts! i'm so forgetful. this was the harshest test of the sjw labyrinth. you're allowed to not prefer someone, but you're not allowed say you won't date them because you don't prefer them. don't you date someone because you prefer them? regardless i ended this with a " whatever". the next day follows and of course they've complained about me to themselves a whole bunch; i find from a mutual friend. then i get texts from an unknown, including "wanna suck my dick", "this is the shavior". i responded telling them not to text me, and promptly blocking the number. also i couldn't make them out but as i passed through the common area, i hear them laughing about something to do with shaving. for fucks sake, i shouldn't have argued! they pulled me in like a mother fucker; by being calm at the start - making me totally misjudge how they felt about it. had i only have known that they would be so nutty. righto and that's it. by the way any ideas on how to handle the next time i come across them? i was thinking of taking the moral high ground, and continuing to just be respectful, but i'm guessing this isn't the first time they've pulled this shit, so don't know if it will work. tldr: said i didn't find hairy legs attractive - sjw = mad.	1
usually people with small dick have big dick energy and people with big dick have low self esteem meanwhile i have a big dick and self esteem flowing out my butt. suffering from success	2
borrowing my mom's phone so this didn't happen yesterday but a little while ago. mind you, i'm still a teenager in hs and living with my very protective parents. i was on a ski trip with my family and the mountain didn't have wifi, and i don't have data on my phone because that shit's expensive. i had work email to answer that day so i asked my mom to borrow her phone. while i was at it, i checked my messenger, but (and that's when the fu happened) my dumbass forgot to log out. the next day, i went to school and normally texted a few of my friends, including an online friend that my mom didn't know of, and she really doesn't approve of me talking to basically " strangers " of the interweb. what i didn't know was that my mom was receiving every. single. message. on her phone. and thinking the messages were for her after the notification, also reading a bunch of them. when i got home, she asked me who " name of the online friend was " and i knew this was the end of me. i tried to explain to her that i met him on a website and he was nice and blah blah blah, but it was extremely awkward as i basically hid something from her for a pretty long time, while i usually tell her things like that and we're pretty close. long story short, she was very angry and seriously lectured me about my poor choices, as well as asking me every question imaginable about the guy. however, on the positive side, she actually made me realize, when i reread some of our exchanges, a lot of a red flags about the online guy (that i was too dumb to see i guess ) and i ended up stopping talking to him. he was pretty toxic, in the end so it really saved me from a lot of future problems. so it's kind of a happy ending! tl;dr: went on messenger on my mom's phone, forgot to log out, so she received all of my messages with an online friend that she didn't know of and didn't approve of. was pretty damn damn pissed at me but made me realize the guy was kinda of an asshole so we stopped talking.	11
woke up early, good morning! hey guys what's up? i went to bed early (8.30pm lol don't judge me) so of course i wake up way too early (4 instead of 7am). it's almost 5.30 now, so i've been very productive and watched a lot of memes. thinking of doing some yoga now i have this much time lol. what are you guys doing? i also have a different question as i'm up early so can't think straight. was dating this guy but he cancelled our 4th date and hasn't rescheduled and i want some d, shall i hit him up or not? don't think he still wants to but it's early and i cant think clearly so i've already typed out the message and just need to send. my besties are all asleep but the kitty wants an answer	1
god my parents are such control freaks that's all i'm gonna say. not having a great morning rn	12
very big thanks to u/thomas_arkright for giving me their minecraft pe apk. now i can finally craft on my mobile. [deleted]	0
too many ppl use being quirky as there only personality trait haha so funny stacey	7
i hate it when people act like they know more about your country than you do my boyfriend was telling me about his sisters friend who's polish and about how their kids have polish names. one of those are zofia, and i showed it to mum and she pronounced it correctly and everything i told him i knew what it sounded like but he kept on going on about how you're supposed to say it... yet my mum is full blooded polish like literally just shut up teens who are from different countries, do you hate it when this happens?	19
hey leah if ur reading this i didn't know u were a massive hoe at the time give me another chance let me tap once	2
so i tried to talk to random people i had added on snapchat i was talking to a guy for like 10 minutes then he unfriended me	0
sadness during bus ride on my way home from university, there's always heavy traffic, so it often takes me like an hour to get home. every now and then, i have my earphones on listening to some musics. but it can't stop me from feeling down. before that, at classes i laugh and talk a lot but i don't know why as soon as i'm on the bus, i start to feel like the end of the world. all the sad things come to my mind, then i start to feel really lonely in a world full of people, then i'm worried about my future, whether i'm right or not choosing the field i'm studying. i don't know what i'm going through, just to share, it's been like that for a month. maybe i should change to my bike.	7
happy no juul july hope y'all can restrain from your nicotine addictions	0
everyone thinks im mean but i swear im not :( most people who dont really get to know me, or even sometimes people who are close to me, think im mean because of my expressions/ ticks and things. let me explain: for one, i always open my eyes real wide, my eyelashes touch my eyebrows and it's uncomfortable so i do that (and look up too for some reason) and i had no idea everyone thought i was just rolling my eyes!!!!! this started when i was in the 8th grade, i'm 19 now. when i was in cheer camp, one morning my coach came in and yelled at all of us because apparently someone had attitude and she said 'and the rolling of the eyes needs to stop' but like actually really mad and it was a big deal and i had no idea who she was talking about!!!!! only 2 years later my friend told me it was about me, i felt so awful and everyone just thought im a brat but there was nothing i could do to convince anyone at this point :( a second, i started to hear word from my sister that her friend's older sister, who is in my grade, said "yeah your sister (me) hates me for no reason" i was like ???? ok whatever that's not true, i have never said or honestly really ever thought anything about this girl. to set the scene, this girl is a part of a small friend group of girls who are the more awkward type who dont really talk to anyone outside themselves. then i heard another rumor i took pictures of another girl in this lil group, a girl on the nerdier side with sort of big poofy hair. i never said anything about this girl ever. they said i took a picture of this girl and put it on my snapchat story and said something about having an afro ????? (this girl is white and doesn't actually have an afro, it was meant to be insulting i guess?) that girl was on my bus to and from school and lived near me and i think they said i took it from the bus or something. obviously i wanted to tell her i did not do that, and once on the way home from school she was sitting alone and i was like hey can i sit here for a sec? and i said hey, i heard something about me posting a picture of you in my story, and i just want to let you know that that's a total fabrication and i'm really sorry if someone did do that to you but it really was not me. and she was like oh yeah someone said you did that, didn't really say much else. another girl a part of this friend group is "caitlyn". i went to elementary school with this girl, and she is 2 houses down from my best friend since kindergarten. caitlyn was honestly always super weird, just didn't fit in with us, but we were always nice to her and included her in sleepovers and the hannah montana movie premier n whatnot. ive realized now she has aspbergers. 10th grade, my friend who happens to be caitlyn's cousin, tells me caitlyn says she wont come to an event at the school because my best friend bullied her. my friend heard this from caitlyn's mom, her aunt. 12th grade and i have the first 4 classes with her and 4 other kids. she was always super cold and avoided eye contact but i was always nice to her. end of the year we go to costa rica for a field trip and she turns 18, i was rooming with her and 2 other girls. i went to the store and bought her a cupcake and "18" candles, lit it and had a couple people in the lobby surprise her and sing happy birthday. she smiled and looked so happy and said "thanks ash!" but has since blocked me on instagram:/ moral of the story, caitlyn was feeding all these lies and made a whole group of girls (some other little things i didnr mention) think im a terrible person. ok this is too long im ending it here i have like 10 whole other things people think im rotten and it sucks. i swear im a good person but everyone thinks im mean	2
imagine being on the first night of break and you drunk dad starts punching your drunk uncle because he came out as gay or bi or something. it sucks a lot	4
i'm [14f] not sure if i'm overreacting, or there's a legitimate problem here. degdeg tl;dr: i'm walking on eggshells and in constant fear of my mother, and i don't know what to do at this point other than reddit. degdeg sorry for formatting, i'm on mobile. throwaway because i know some redditors. also, i'm sorry that its a novel . so, my [14f] mother [40f] has always been a tricky human being. she's bipolar/despressed, overly dependant, tends to prioritise herself above anything, and is fairly quick to anger. growing up, she knocked my self-estesm down a million pegs (especially because i'm overweight) and i still can't really pick up the pieces. and this was all before my father [31m- or, was at tod] died and she lost a leg. now it seems to be getting worse. as she was overly dependant before, i do understand that some things i need to handle for her now, as she can't do certain things herself right now. but no matter how much i do, it's not meeting her standards. which, would be fine, if she just told me rather than scream at me because i forgot to put sugar in the tea because i'm also cleaning up a house we recently moved into. it's like no matter what i do she snaps at me, and it's caused me to just. not want to do anything in genreal- although i haven't really acted upon that want. the only reason i really came to reddit today, though, is because currently i've barricaded my door in fear she's going to come wheeling through to beat my ass- over leaving a singular bottle of nailpolish on the sink. i was heading over to pick it up, too, until she went to use the bathroom- and hey, i'm not gonna block her way, you gotta go you gotta go. this apparently, was a very bad thing to do. because she started yelling and trying to reach at me to hit me, called me a slew of curse words i'm not too sure i can write on here or not? and told me she didn't want anything to do with me anymore. now when i hear her wheeling places, i'm terrified my door will be next and i don't know what to do. i have to leave to head with my cousins [21m, 18m, 18f] to my grandmother's [60's-ish? f] house in a bit, and i'm debating if i should tell them anything. because on one hand, i've grown up with them- at least someone should understand. but on the other, they've grown up with a father [41m] whose problems are identical to my mothers, and they seem to be numb to the antics at this point- plus i don't know if i'm just being a little wuss baby and i'm scared for no reason, so i don't want to embarass myself and pour my emotions only to be met with a "that how it be sometimes". and mainly i don't want to worry anyone. so, reddit. what the hell should i do?	9
pro tip: when ever a girl texts you hehe says horny idk why i'm telling you this, it's not like y'all are ever gonna use this tip anyways	11
what feels better than sex an epic victory royale	0
i have a confession to make... i honestly think that u/petermyl's fursona uhhhhhh how do i say this.... **cute** just saying	5
just had a meeting with my teacher about mt school progress later, virgins	0
woahh the eta changed it said the eta on my 3070 wasn't until the 23rd but now it says tmr	5
just told my dad i was bisexual his response was "tbh, i'm surprised you've ever had any boyfriends...." 28 years of lying to myself and feeling guilty for being too gay to be straight, and not gay enough to be gay, and my dad just made me feel more accepted than i ever have. just wanted to share my joy	3
i just wanted to say thanks to everyone who supports lgbtq+. i live in ukraine, basically a country of homophobes (atleast it's a bit better than in russia). reading comments on pride parades videos is just so heartbreaking. stuff like "they should all d*e, they're animals" etc. i feel like every gay person is scared of living in ukraine/russia. again, thank you	3
i fricking miss some of my older friends i'm on my last year of middle school and they're freshmen's and i miss them :-((( but it's not like i only hang out with an older crowd dont get the wrong idea we just live near each other	5
my mom wouldn't let me go to the park she thinks i was gonna go meet someone i found online or go buy drugs and i'm just sitting there like "honey i wish " but no i just wanna go sweeeng	15
my girlfriend [21f] has a relatively new friend that could be a problem in the future. should i [23m] make her cut ties with him? so my girlfriend [21f] and i [23m] have a problem. she has a new friend since 3 or 4 months and they have developed a friendship quick. the thing is my instinct makes me feel like this '' friend'' is interested and i saw a few messages where he calls her bae "on the tone of humor" and even one where he said that he just got to be patient until she's single. he doesn't tell it in a serious way but i feel like he isn't dumb and ain't gonna seriously shoot is shot knowing that she has a boyfriend but that in a corner of his head he really thinks that. my girlfriend is not answering with "bae" or shit like that when he says it but she really likes him as a friend and would not want to cut ties. my instinct tells me that this guy could be a threat in the future if the relationship has a moment of weakness which is probably gonna happen one day or another like in a lot of relationships and that he is just waiting is turn quietly. should i insist for her to cut ties with him or is it not that serious? thanks for your clarifications fellow redditers tl;dr : my girlfriend has a new friend that could be interested for more than a friendship and i feel like he could be a threat for my spot in the future who knows? should i make her cut ties or is it not that serious?	10
hey girl is your skin not doing alright? it's ok i can give you a facial	5
sad boi hours so basically, i broke my last phone. i lost that phone and along with that my reddit account. i don't remember the password and for some reason i don't have it saved in my notes anywhere. i've resorted to using this awful alt account. i don't think i'll ever get it back. my old account- u/edgy-nine #mobilegang	2
i used to self harm but i stopped because it's cringe 3 days clean	0
what can i help you with? can't promise i'd be any good but i want to offer to help you guys if you need it. whether you're looking for advice or tutoring or just a friend, ask away and i'll see if i can help! and if i can't maybe you will find someone here who can	8
i worked out today for the first time after my surgery tore my acl last year, had surgery, and now my knee is basically healed. today i went to a gym and worked out at an actual gym. i am so exhausted and sore, but i feel amazing! just wanted to tell someone because i am proud of myself	6
to the post saying looks matter and those that feel ugly it's not being ugly that counts. it's the courage to be ugly that counts.	0
attack on titan i would've happily waited 6 more months so this season doesn't look like this	2
if everything in life happens for a reason if everything in life happens for a reason, and everything in life is a choice. does that mean we choose everything that happens for a reason? if we choose everything that happens for a reason, does that make us god?	10
mental illnesses are not something to brag about seriously some people here are literally saying yeah i got depression and anxiety haha isn't that funny . i don't say that its wrong to talk about mental illness, just don't say that its a positive thing	0
trying a new hobby a few days ago i made a post asking for hobby suggestions,several people said i should try knitting;so,that's what we're going with for now. it's a little tricky to get the hang of so far,but i'm gonna keep at it. i'm open to any beginner advice	6
im so good at acting... even my therapist thinks i'm ok	0
i've never felt sexy	4
when you show your friends your crush and they start laughing and say she's way out of your league later, virgins	0
i need some help i've been dating this girl for a while now and she's opened up a lot about her home life. she's revealed to me that her dad beats her over the most trivial things, constantly tells her she's fat/ugly/srupid, encourages her to throw up after eating, gets drunk frequently, etc. etc. i've mentioned calling cps to her and she vehemently opposed it and told me to not argue and never bring it up again. i'm not sure what to do. she's told me not to involve others in this and she's never opened up to anyone about this before. things are pretty bad right now and i could really use some advice. i hope you all are having a fantastic day and i wish you all the best	3
3 things i learnt when i was a buddhist monk i want to share with everyone the 3 things i learnt as a buddhist monk and how it has shaped the way i perceive the world, changing the way i live my life. briefly, it's how understanding cause and effect develops our wisdom, how experiencing impermanence brings us peace, and how practicing mindfulness leads to fulfillment. being a buddhist monk taught me to understand the benefits of loving-kindness and compassion by deeply experiencing the effects it has on myself, the world and the people around. in turn, buddhism teaches us how we can create immense joy and happiness and become the source of love and harmony that everyone needs and deserves. i wrote about my experience in more detail in the article i've linked below. please have a read if you can spare 5 minutes. thanks for your time [<url>](<url>)	6
it's funny seeing big boob girls flaunt their chest when guys don't even like them lol they're so pathetic. literally nobody likes you hoes	1
me when the oneplus 9 just was announced and it's sexy asf but i bought the oneplus 8 a month ago i have to convince myself that i don't need it	2
i'm isolated like 99% of the time i usually tend to isolate myself a lot and avoid talking to people, but i'd love to meet some new people and make some new friends, if anyone wants a friendly chat feel free to comment	6
i wanna double text ppl but i will not bc i will only feed them to the attention they need	18
hiii how is everyone's day going so far? it's been a while since i last posted on this subr but anyways hiiiii what are you guys up to	5
let us show each other reddit is made up of more than white males who work it. who are you? i was prompted by a recent post in r/starterpacks to post this question i realised i kind of assume the same of other users unless i'm on a very particular sub. let's see who we are! i'm a 25 y/o female from romania. i studied art and am trying to find a relevant job so i can gain experience for a job in another country. i have a lot of plants and so does my boyfriend. we talk about plants a *lot*.	8
dm me for dick pics i got a couple of nixons strapped in my pants	5
i(26m) am head over heels crushing over this girl(26f) from my workplace. i don't know how to not appear creepy and still disclose how smitten i am. workplace relationships also have professional repercussions. to add some more information, i am a complex semi-intro-semi-extrovert in a funny way that i'v an initial anxiety to meet anyone but i can and i do lead some technical meetings talking to audience and in general i am pegged very accessible guy in the office but the more i over-think about reaching out to this person the more likely i feel it is that i'l ruin it. coming to her, she's adorable, confident and frankly, intimidating. bonus: there was this shoutout event where all of us had to write something positive about everyone on their sheets. i did this. db.getcollection('employees').find({'trait': 'cute'}) -> <her name> tl;dr: i(26m) cant man up to reach out to this person(26f) and express to her how smitten i am.	11
what's the best monster flavour? in my opinion it's between the pink one and white	0
two strongish earthquakes in two days... ...could the big one be coming? what do you guys think	10
yes i allow you to have a crush on me.. i do it for once..	11
my ears are having a major music orgasm ahhh my ears can take this listening to music i used to love a while ago with my airpods. not blasting but not low either.	4
just slept through a flight it was pretty epic	16
how do i decide my major/career path without wasting a huge scholarship? (17f) i'm really anxious about it. i am graduating from high school next week just to get going college. i got a full ride because i work my ass off at school, and am planning to double major in graphic design and marketing. as i get closer to college i can't help but feeling that this career field won't feel fulfilling to me. ultimately i would like to found my own nonprofit benefiting human trafficking and using marketing strategies to wait raise awareness for the issue. this is all great and all and human trafficking is what i'm really passionate about, however i feel like i won't get to make the impact i want by just doing advertising. i am pretty charismatic and love to speak publicly. i am a huge people person, am very bubbly and love listening to others. i also love standing up for others and pushing others to do what is right. if i wasn't so scared of law school i would definitely become a prosecutor because i am so passionate about putting traffickers to justice. i hate government related things and the judicial system bores me, so law is a lost cause for me. i love true crime and have considered criminal justice / forensic science, but i just don't know. i feel like i'm not inclined to that kind study because i'm not gears towards that...i'm definitely more artistic and the creative type, not as much an analytical type. so i'm kind of at a loss. i've considered social work but i don't even know if that's what i'm looking for. please help me navigate this time in my life. any careers that you think i'd fall well into? any broad majors? i really don't want to waste this amazing full ride opportunity. tl;dr need help navigating my interests and passions. would love someone wiser and older to help me	3
i (m27) met a girl (f23) and things improved quickly, but now she wants to slow down a really good looking girl texted me in tinder a few days before christmas. i was actually thinking about texting her myself, but didn't feel confident enough. i actually swipe in tinder from time to time, but rarely text to girls and if i do, we don't get conversation going and never meet irl. this time it was all different, we got conversation running very smoothly (i'd call myself introvert and find it hard to talk to strangers). she was like a lot into me even though we hadn't met yet. a few days later, i arranged a date after the christmas. we had a nice dinner and quite long walk afterwards. i sent her to door and we had a little kiss, before going our own way. then she called me to her apartment to watch a movie. we slept together, but didn't have sex (she had that women thing, maybe we would otherwise). third date was in cinema and then ended up at her place again, but nothing still happened because of the same reason. she really looked in love to me already and i kind of started feeling the same way. first day into the new year, went to her place again, this time we bad sex, which wasn't really as good as i expected, both of us were like hurrying and not enjoying it too much (she wasn't really in too good mood that day, maybe that's why). two days later, she texted me that we should slow down and not hurry into relationship, because she is having some stressful times, bad mood, low self-esteem (which is true, she criticises her body way too much, even though she has some extra pounds compared to pictures from a year ago) etc. i texted answered that i understand and agree that we shouldn't hurry. but also said to her, that maybe that was because of that night, which didn't really go by the plan. she said, that sex wasn't really that bad and that's not a reason. she also told me that i am a very special guy and even if we won't end up together, she is really happy to have met me. and also asked that we should chill out on sunday again. btw we are chatting in messenger all the time, every day. but before that last night together, she was like sending me kiss emojis sometimes, now all she sends is hugging emoji, when wishing good night. i am actually feeling really in love with her already, because she looks exactly the kind of girl i like. i'm okay with slowing it all down, but my main worry is, that i don't want to get into friend-zone with her and don't really know, what to do in this situation. would like to get some honest feedback about what you people think about this.. is she taking me more as a friend now, or does she really just want to slow down, even if she has the romantic feelings towards me.. oh that was one hell of a long story tldr: i met a girl in tinder, she fell for me before we even dated. and so did i, kind of. things were really good after first 3 dates, but she wanted to slow down after our 4th date (first time we had sex).	8
my gf didn't post me for national boyfriend's day - can y'all blow this up so she sees it? <url> shameless self-promo but i'm feeling down rn and this didn't help	2
people always saying stuff like "i'm rich" yeah well i'm annoying	0
anybody kind enough to invite me to a relatively active reddit chat group? about me: male, 17. guaranteed to bring a new personality to the group. that's all i can say. i can share more about myself if i get invited tho	0
" " is my favorite emoji it says so much yet so little. it's slightly disturbing but also so fun to use ironically	15
i spent a whole two hours not on here this is an accomplishment tbh	0
a girl on discord messaged me that a friend of hers thinks i'm cute see ya later virgins	0
before i disgrace myself does this shirt look better tucked in or non tucked in? <url> dunno what looks better tbh. i don't want to disgrace myself at the barbecue	11
i can't wait to move in to my new apartment i'm going to move in towards the end of june. my dad and i are going to be going in on this place. there are tons of restaurants and things to do near by: **outside the complex** - alternative movie theater and bar across the street from the complex - nice lake with walking trail that has farmers markets on sundays - tons of cool restaurants and gastro pubs near by - trader joe's, whole foods, a nice walking/park/boutique shop/high end restaurant area is close - downtown is 20 minutes away - lots of good coffee places **inside the complex/apartment itself** - 1227 sq ft, balcony facing the lake and away from the trains - really spacious kitchen with island and a stupid amount of cabinets - good size common area between the two bed rooms - big tub/shower. i'd rather have the stall but that's only in the master - newer appliances - gym - resort style pool/cabanas/ grill/hot tub plus this will all be closer to my work and i won't have to take the deathly interstate! move in date is june 24th!!	19
stuck between guilt and doing the right thing hi redditors. hope you're all well. i saw this thread and i figured i'd share my issue and see if i can some help as i'm kinda stuck. 1. so around october time of 2018 i was going through a tinder type of app and i matched with this girl. she told me she doesn't use the app a lot and to message her on insta. so a few hours later i saw that she had sent me a message on insta. right off the bat we hit it off quite well. we had a lot in common, talking all the time on a constant basis. she was hesitant to give me her number initially but once we developed a closer relationship she ended up giving me her phone number as a birthday present for myself around november. 2. so things were progressing really well and we were sharing deep stories with each other about anything and everything. one day we were speaking about love/relationships and she started telling me about how she's had 2 really bad relationships. the first one was very toxic from what she was telling me. this was her very first relationship and she told me how the guy would just use her for sex and practically raped her for her first time. she would do so much for him yet he'd just treat her like crap. didn't really love her back, every time she would go visit him he'd always want sex and her being new to the country, very naive and just wanting to keep him happy would just go along with. this was going on for about a year and a half. till one fateful afternoon she came over and she found out that he was cheating on her with his neighbour. initially she forgave him and they were still together for a few months, but he cheated on her again and then she finally left him. 3. a year or so later she told me she again got into another relationship which was once again very terrible and toxic. she again put her heart and soul into it but didn't get anything in return. as a result of these toxic relationships it led her to being completely burnout when it comes to love and she and me were talking about how she no longer has it in her to fall in love or put in that time and effort again because she's worried that it'll happen again and she'll get mixed up and involved with another piece of shit 4. so again we were talking and talking getting closer and closer and i ended up inevitably catching feelings. so i was straight up and told her this is how i felt about her. she kinda freaked out and said she can't deal with this and this isn't what she can do etc. she then ended up blocking me on all forms of social media. i'll be honest i was genuinely torn apart and was crying for about 2 days. miraculously about 5/6 days later she messaged me back and said hey if you wanna he friends we can still be if that's what you want. so we talked a bit more then we ended up sorting things out 5. i went up north to eventually meet her face to face and whilst out and having some food, she tells me that she's been thinking about a lot in regards her situation, what i said etc. she then revealed that there is a "guy" in her life who's she in like a trial relationship with. she told me she visited him one weekend and they hooked up. ever since then they've kinda had this weird platonic relationship. where he's fully invested 100% in it, loves her. whereas she's not fully in it due to her circumstance. she wouldn't like talking about the relationship with this guy so i wouldn't bring it up. 6. towards new year's eve etc i said to her i want to visit her but for a weekend and we can chill and spend the whole weekend with one another. once again we met up and me and her were very elated. it's like every time we met up in person our bond would just get stronger and stronger and we'd get so comfortable around each other. one evening she comes round for some drinks in my hotel room. we start drinking and dancing and having fun. i kinda got a bit too drunk and kinda fell asleep, but some time after i remember feeling and receiving a kiss on the lips. next day as i was due to leave i wasn't sure what to do or say about it because we had both mutually decided that it's best we just stay as friends. so i was kinda scared and worried that it was me who initiated it. but she told me yes i kissed you. she said don't worry, we both got drunk and these things happened. i said this has never happened to me and we awkwardly let the conversation go and i just went home 7. fast forward a few months to the beginning of march and i've moved up to the same city as her because i was having so many issues at home and i needed to leave for my own well-being. me and her were both happy that i was closer because it meant we could hang out more often, spend more time and just strengthen our friendship even more. so a few weeks ago she came over once again to do some studying. we studied briefly and then decided to drink and dance etc. inevitably, we both got drunk and we were just getting cosy on my bed and ended up making out a few times. we met up in person a few days later and we discussed about what happened that what happened just happened. it doesn't matter, what difference does it make. i don't wanna give you any hope or mislead you blah blah. i'm like cool and just agreeing with her, but honestly all i'm doing is just thinking about this "guy" she's with and how he would be feeling if he knew this was happening behind his back. 8. so ever since then it's been playing in my mind on what to do and it's caused me some stress. then i kinda just said fuck it and i messaged the guy and told him what had happened. she then says to me you're dead to me, don't show me your face ever again... i'm here like just feeling so conflicted and stuck. i know i've done the right thing by telling the guy what happened. but at the same time i'm feeling kinda sad and upset and this girl is no longer my friend and wants nothing to do with me. 9. tbh i never asked to be in this position. i moved up north to show her that i could be a good friend to her as she's also dealt with lots of people who's screwed her over. but i didn't move just for her, i had to leave my home because it was seriously impacting my mental well being and having tried to commit suicide before and cutting myself i knew that if i stayed at home and longer i may not live. now i'm just here thinking man why couldn't we just be friends. why did all this rubbish have to happen. honestly deep down she is a really down to earth and great gal but she's just an unfortunate victim to shitty circumstances that have made her be like this. 10. reddit i now leave it to you, for your eternal wisdom and advice. please send me all your suggestions as i really am stuck and i'm starting to feel guilty and wishing i didn't do what i did last night. 11. love you all , all suggestions will help.	3
what book series do you recommend? i'm quite an avid reader, and i read quite a mix of general fiction, thriller, and crime. i want to broaden my reading horizon. i really want to find a new books series to get into... i'm not sure i'm really that into fantasy as the whole old age/medieval era doesnt really interest. however i did really enjoy game of thrones. i also have read and enjoyed harry potter (obviously), twilight, and true blood. does anyone have any other good series i'm quite open to anything as long as it grips me! thanks for	6
i need help!!!!! pls so there's this girl that is friends of my close friend....i've never met her before but she's really cute and she always texts me and i don't know what to do....i don't know how to like organise something and invite her... please help me out 🏼	18
imagine using reddit	1
i'm so pissed right now yesterday i decided to make a discord server from people on this sub and when i mentioned i played fortnite, they literally bullied me for playing it, called me a dumbass for making rules like no politics or nsfw. and when i said i was leaving, they said "ok bye idgaf " so i deleted the server.	3
i just sent my ex a get help message from reddit idk why but i was just bored and i thought it would be funny maybe i should spam him tho	1
not realizing it really was a date originally posted this in r/dating, but someone told me it might fit better here. i was talking to my mom about dating and stuff, then i remembered the most awkward date i've ever been on. i don't date alot, and the regular dates i've been on, have been with guys i was already involved with. when i was 16, i was involved with someone, and a really good friend of mine invited me to hang out, go watch deadpool at the theater, joking about it being a date. me, thinking it was a joke, laughed along. i had no idea that he was actually serious about the whole date thing until he showed up... in a suit. so i'm standing in my doorway, sweatpants (we were going to the movies, so my cute pair of sweatpants duh) and ponytail, and he's standing there in a fullblown suit. i laughed it off, suspicious but still not really wanting to believe he was serious. we drove to the movie theater, when he insisted on paying for me, i didn't let him though, i hate it when people pay for me, i just start feeling guilty. during the whole movie, he tried to hold my hand, have his arm around me, hug me and everything. yeah, this was definetely a date. i didn't hold his hand or anything, and i felt super uncomfortable throughout the whole thing. once the movie ended, he took us to get some burgers, and i had to ask him if he was serious about this being a date. that's when he realized that i had no idea beforehand. things were even more awkward and uncomfortable after that, but we drove home and he told me that he was really interested in me. i felt so bad for him, i had no idea what to say. keep in mind that i was involved with someone already. i apologized, gave him a peck on the cheek and left. we stayed friends for a while after that, but we came to grow apart. so yeah... the most awkward date i've ever been on was one i didn't even realize was a date before the movie. it even beats the date i got thrown up on ps; we were going to watch deadpool tl;dr made plans with a friend to go watch deadpool at the movie theater. he jokes about it being a date, but i didn't think he was serious until he showed up in a full suit, then tried to pay for my ticket and hold my hand during the movie. it was an awkward ride home when he realized i had bo idea that this was a date.	1
telling my coworker that having drugs in your body would cause in negative results so my coworker just showed me a picture of drug test results, asking me what does it mean? i looked at the results and it was negative, so i thought i should pull a little prank on him so i told him the results aren't clean. he said thanks and walked towards back of the store. couple seconds later, i hear all of those swearing e.g you filthy piece of shit, you skank, i don't want you to ever talk to me ever again, you liar fuck etc and then hangs up. i went up to him and asked what the hell was that about and he said that was my girlfriend and she lied to me that she was clean and doesn't do any drugs,those results i just showed you were hers. that's where it hit me, what the fuck did i just do, he just broke up with his girl and cussed the shit out of her for no reason at all. i told him that it was prank and the results were clean and now he won't talk to me. so guys my fuck up was ultimate . excuse the grammar. td;lr fucked up by pranking coworker that his girlfriend drug test weren't clean.	1
you ever just have such an attractive customer it gets really hard to talk? currently at work and this insanely beautiful girl comes up and my heart started racing instantly. her eyes were such a pretty blue and her hair was perfect. she ended up tipping me but i found myself like barely being able to make consistent eye contact. even though she was so nice. i made enough eye contact for it to not be rude or cold. i made sure i was giving her eye contact occasionally as i talked to her but man did that take a huge conscious effort on my part. why do pretty girls do this to me i just want my heart to feel the same around them as it feels around other people. not beating like 500 beats a minute. haha, but i low key enjoy this feeling sometimes though. it's nice to have your heart race sometimes when you meet such a nice and pretty person.	12
self improvement book that will help me learn how to learn? i want to become better at absorbing information. for example, i have a friend who can read an article once or twice and soak it all up. he'll be able to refer back to specific points of that article in depth whereas i can only recall those parts briefly. i have a really hard time focusing on things, so when reading an article my mind is a always a little distracted, causing me to skip over things. i have to read things (such as paragraphs from textbooks) too many times to get it to stick in my head. i want a book that'll teach me how to pick up and absorb information more quickly and in depth to become smarter. hopefully it'll change my way of thinking, but i'm not sure if there's a book like that out there though. sorry for the scattered post .	9
ay boys some girl called me cute today we were just hanging out and i pointed to my car and said "damn that's a sexy car" and she goes "as well as the cute ass boy who drives it" i thought this shit only happened in movies	5
whats everyone doing tonight? i'm chillin with my pups drinking some wine and listening to some tunes on my porch. feelin good tonight and love to hear from some of your beautiful randoms. :)	3
you know how little sleep i've gotten recently? i was getting up to get a glass of water, when i hear the gate clattering outside the living room window. i check it out, and get jumpscared by my own reflection. online school is going fucking great. and it's not like i can even try to get to sleep, every time i try, there's always something keeping me awake. and i always wake up really fucking tired. so uhh yeah. i don't know	12
my ex is ruining my life and i can't leave the island we live on, what do? so i dated this girl all through college, went on lots and lots of country wide rd trips, family events etc even organized annual events in our local community so we were really close and everyone knew about us as a couple, in fact, the whole thing kicked off after we shared a near death experience in a car crash so i really really cared about her. long story short she slept with not one but 4 of my "friends" behind my back while she was with me (on our country wide rd trips) and is now dating the son of one of my dads workmates... (it's a small country and the degrees of separation are very small so almost anywhere i go to theres some from of trigger) after we broke up i was very upset but eventually thought i'd moved on until one of her former best friends rang me out of the blue to confide in me that she'd been sa by my ex's friend and that i'd have to testify in court to confirm their whereabouts because i was in their house on the night it allegedly happened. i broke down over this and made a mistake of contacting my ex's family under the lines of did you inow about this shit and included all the crap she'd done behind my back and what her friend had now allegedly done too. my ex then publicly posted to social media that i was a pathetic pos and that she would be placing a restraining order against me. this was now in the public domain, i lost friends and respect and was indeed issued the restraining order. despite this i still deeply cared for her at this point even with all the chaos and my world being turned upside down i tried to contact her to explain that i was just emotionally crippled and i still cared about her and wanted to be civil and have her in my life to some extent (big mistake). i was arrested for breaking the restraing order and now can't leave the country and have trouble getting hired now that i have a criminal record. im left thinking oh shit that escalated very quickly...i kind of made it worse than it had to be but i'm still reminded of it every single day now its been 14 months i can't leave the country i constantly run into people that judge me purely based on this (again it's a small island country) and i feel like i'm trapped. tl;dr: ex gf cheated on me i reacted emotionally, got myself a criminal record, its ruined my quality of life and now i can't leave our island even if i wanted to, any advice?	12
choosing the wrong alarm tone my husband and i used to fall asleep watching horror movies, but have recently been falling asleep to soothing music from a sound machine. back when we were watching horror movies, i would set these gentle alarms on my phone because even when asleep my ears would pick up on the different sound and wake up. today was the first day waking up to an alarm on my phone with the sound machine instead. well... today was supposed to be my husband's first day in a partial hospitalization program for mental health. we were supposed to get up at 6:45am and he was to be there at 8am. well, apparently i didn't hear the nice alarm over the sound machine. we woke up at 8:15. because it was his first day, he was supposed to be in an hour early so the woman said he should still come in. we threw our clothes on, left our dog out and left. i was gone maybe 30 minutes. when i got home, our dog had ripped up our garbage from when we stopped off last night at the corner store (sheetz) for some food. he has bad seperation anxiety and that's how it manifests. he stress eats just like his mom as i surveyed the damage, my heart sank. i saw an orange wrapper and i instantly knew what that was. it was my reeses from last night. my dog ate my two reeses big cups filled with the pieces. i didn't know whether to yell at him or myself or cry, i did not know how to react like at all. i looked it up online, and i know the symptoms to look for. he's alright, there really isn't that much chocolate in a reeses. but he has had access to chocolate before that definitely would have hurt him at the very least. i almost killed my dog today. it's really easy for this stuff to happen you guys. it is. please be careful. tl;dr - was late waking up, didn't put chocolate candy away before leaving. separation anxiety ridden pup eats my reeses but is fine.	9
i just turned 13 in december, so now i'm officially a teenager! sorry that i'm late for posting this, i didn't have reddit then and i forgot to post it :/ oops, i wrote all of that into the title. my bad	9
epic gamer moment! guys my dad said he'll preorder me cyberpunk 2077 tomorrow! i'll finally be a cool kid.	0
help me no sleep i need comfort i think i found a pedophilia ring online (cp) while trying to jack off jesus christ. so on xxnx there's search terms related to what you searched, and i like teens and milfs (don't judge bruh) being a teen myself. in the related term sections, i saw this weird term that was really random and i thought it was kinda funny because it didn't make any sense being on a porn site. so i googled what it meant and clicked on the first site i saw because it looked like a news site. i didn't actually see anything but it paste bin type of website with tor links and i fucking shut down completely. it was a really dodgy site and i clicked on the first link (christ) thinking that it was all a satire site and saw pics of this maybe 14 year old girl, with clothes don't worry, and it said "preview" on top. after that i realized i was in some deep shit. even though i didn't click, just realizing that this shit is really online and completely real is disgusting bruh. i can't sleep at all someone pls hug	13
my brother has been away for college and he hasn't made a single friend so far the main issue is that he's away from home, on his own for the first time. this is his third semester and he still so holed up. he's just a really shy dude, he's never dated and he has such a terrible time making friends. i've tried all the generic advice i can, join a club or a group, etc. and he's able to find acquaintances but they aren't that friendly. i talk to him on the phone very frequently and it's just eating me up inside to imagine how lonely he is . he never wants to get off the phone, it's like he has literally no one else to talk to	4
"new chat" on kik from crush: help! is it him? i need someone to help me with kik. yesterday morning, i (39f) added a new contact/phone number to my phone (someone i have a crush on \[29m\]). then i was using kik throughout the day. around dinnertime, i went on kik again and there was a "new chat" message at the top of my list from the crush guy in question. what i don't know is this: was this "new chat" generated by kik based on the app re-scanning my phone address book and matching up crush guy's phone number? did crush guy actually search my number and send this himself? did kik send some kind of notification to crush guy that he clicked on to make me get this "new chat?" i'm assuming it was generated by the app, but i just want to be sure it isn't real. i can't post a pic, but...it came in several hours after i added the contact, it has crush guy's picture and username, and says "your phone contact ***** is on kik." ignore/chat. there's no message bubble. i know this is a dumb question, but if anyone knows the answer, i'd be so grateful. thanks. **tl;dr: i got a "new chat" on kik from my crush. was this auto-generated by the app, or is it really from him?**	3
why tf am is my brain so dumb my mom asked me if i wanted to go to the store with her. i said nah, i would rather chill and stay at home. she said ok, she'll be back in 40 minutes just to grab a few things. she left and my brain goes "bro what if she gets into a car accident and fucking dies" and bruh i straight up start crying . so i call her and ask if i can go with her, she says no, she'll be back in a bit. so i get even more sad. why tf you gotta be a fucking pussy, brain? bruh	0
i was unadded by someone after i sent a picture of myself. so i posted a meme on my story and i girl i didn't know slide up on my story and said lol and then she asked me what i looked so i snapped a pic of myself and then she unadded me	2
talk to me or something only if you want i wanna get to know y'all	0
i hate jeans. it's been a couple of years since i stopped wearing jeans. before that, i used to wear jeans every day. (currently 19) so.. i decided, "hmm.. maybe i should try jeans again" so there i go and learn amazon made up "amazon wardrobe" so i say "ooooohhh yay" so i go and get a bunch of jean types/styles. after a week of waiting (tf? what happened to 2 day shipping?) i get them today. i go shower so i can try em. i finish showering, i open the box, open the little bag they're in etc. i unfold them and my thoughts were "oooohh they so nice" then i fully unfold them and i was like "damn these things have huge thigh holes, they for sure are gonna fit me" so i try them on. i'm getting them up, they by my knees and "oh shit they look good af already" and i get them up my thighs.. bruhhhh my thighs still too huge djfjeknfjedkcnfjfk i'm done. so, i try the second pair. immediately after i unfold them im thinking "holy shit, these are huge" i get them up to my.knees, half up my thighs but nope still too fucking huge -.- see, i now know why dudes at the gym decide to skip leg day. so they can fit in some damn jeans! i'm crying right now. no i'm not but im gonna stop working out my legs..	4
do boys rly be taking off all their clothes to nut that's kinda hot especially if they're skinny and nut on their tummy	5
it's always the mfs u don't like that catch feelings for u i asked this bitch what she's getting me 4 xmas talking abt "i'll give u head" that is not the christmas spirit !!!!	7
how can i (30f), or should i even, talk to my brother (38m), about the way he treats his kids (4/6m)? (super long sorry) background: * bro is my half brother, we are not that close. * i live in a granny flat (sleepout?) behind the main house where my brother and his kids and some other flatmates live. property owned by parents, so i don't owe him anything by living here. kids are looked after by our mum after school, i help her sometimes, also they come hang out with me when they can, i.e. i know the boys well and love them to bits and spend a decent amount of time with them. * bro divorced a couple years, single father, their mum has them on weekends. * i've worked with kids/ young people for 10ish years in different capacities, also studied education at uni, just to say, if i were to talk to my bro, i'm not just coming from a personal opinion kind of place, i know kids, i'm good with them, i wouldn't be talking out of my ass. question: like i said, bro and i aren't that close, he's also very arrogant, and doesn't take criticism well from anyone. he won't listen to anyone, not even our parents, he also knows absolutely everything *eye roll*. so i'm obviously very hesitant to talk to him, but i think for the sake of the kids, and his relationship with them, i need to say something. i know it hasn't been easy for him raising the kids, especially as a single father, i know he's done his best and loves the boys to bits, and to his credit, the boys are great kids. brats at time, but on par. but as they're getting older, getting their own very strong personalities, he just doesn't know how to handle them properly, he thinks he does (obviously), but he's pushing the boys away, especially the youngest, and they're going to start resenting him, and developing some very unhealthy emotional habits. i can already see it happen. because i live here, i hear him having a go at the boys all the time, he just growls, yells, gets frustrated, doesn't listen or seem to understand children's natural reactions. just everything wrong thing in the book. it breaks my heart hearing all of them so much conflict when there really doesn't have to be. example: just today the 4 year old slammed his toes in the car, of course, lots of crying, hysterics, normal reaction (maybe a bit abnormal, this kid tends to hysterics that his dad doesn't know how to deal with, so has just gotten worse), anyway i could hear them from downstairs, bro kept telling kid to hold still, stop crying, to do as he said, not yelling exactly, but definitely a rough tone of voice. kid obviously freaking out more, because he's a 4 year old ffs, he can't control himself when he's in pain and scared. i couldn't help myself, and went up there (i usually don't intervene), tried to comfort kid without stepping on bro's parenting toes and making everything worse. which is why i usually stay out of it, me arguing with bro isn't exactly going to help the kids much. anyway, my bro takes interactions like this like the kids are being intentionally defiant, when they're just kids who can only control themselves to a degree and need patience and understanding to get the rest of the way. it's just one example where he's just doing things in the worst way, making the situation worse, digging holes in his relationship with his kids, and giving them who knows what kind of complexes. bro just doesn't know anything about kids, and on top of that has his own emotional issues that he's never addressed. i just want to tell him there's another way, without being condescending or sounding judgemental, (or angry, which is how i feel mostly (don't f*n have kids if you know jack all about them )) and hope that he'll take it upon himself to at least try to change something. i don't know, i don't know how to talk to him, or if i even should. anyone had a similar situation?? please, i really need advice, it's killing me to see my family hurting like this, when they really don't need to be. **tl;dr bro is a bit of an ass, loves his kids, but doing them wrong. i want to help, but don't know how without being a bit of an ass myself.**	16
the man with the yellow hat and professor wiseman secs	17
anyone else watching the acm awards? go miranda!	6
help. i'm waiting for a concert to start &super bored. 4 more hours the concert is dnce (the group that siggs cake by the ocean/has joe jonas in it) what would you do?	4
please be nice to us who work in retail we're trying our best and if we make a mistake please be nice and patient with us	13
happy dreams i had a dream last night where i was with my crush and we were dating. i don't remember all that happened but i remember being filled with every positive and happy emotion there is. i was so incredibly happy to be with her. its not like im depressed, im general a happy boi but there was just so much happiness in the dream. worst part is she doesnt really know me and we dont talk at all but she said to a friend one time she thought i was really funny. not like id really make a move or dm her or anything cus idk how and im extremely shy to people i dont know. gotta love being a shy boy	2
can't wait to drive an hour to get blood work done especially bc the hospital lies in the wild side where gang fights and shootouts happen	12
i have a celebrity crush on jonah hill don't judge me. i know he's done some pretty ridiculous stuff but god dammit he's cute! he was cute in super bad and he's so handsome in his more recent stuff like maniac and the jump street movies, i feel like if i met him in real life he would be a really sweet guy to be with. he seems like the type that blushes easily too. like he's secretly a hopeless romantic. he's a cute introvert and at times i feel like he is really overlooked as a person, not as an actor. idk why i'm thinking about this at 4am but i guess a girl can dream right? i'm in my mid twenties btw so even if i met and dated him in real life it wouldn't be that awkward that is all thanks for listening.	1
paedophiles are just smurfs in real life	5
haha we love reliving past trauma daily but seriously brain what the fuck stop	12
hey, i could use some advice! i don't know if this is a good place for this, but r/relationship has proven to be utterly useless here my girlfriend is a bit younger than i, about one and a half years. i came to our school three years ago and went a year back, so i came into her year. she was one of the younger people in our year, so that's why. we just graduated from high school together. now, two days ago, she got grounded by her parents for being late half an hour late. her parents expect her to be home by 11pm during the week, because they feel like they can't sleep when their daughter isn't home and safe. some background, we live in germany in a big city. criminality in our city is among the highest in germany, but not violent. especially not where we live. we live in a very peaceful, suburban neighbourhood. my girlfriend graduated high school, but is expected to be home by 11pm. she was grounded for being home at half past 11. i get that her parents want to have a say when it comes to when she is expected back home. my parents did the same when i was 17, but not like...that. i mean, 11pm is very early and it's not like we're living in a war zone. it's germany. it's safe outside. she's with friends and in a safe neighbourhood. her parents don't listen to her reasoning and she has tried talking to them often over the last years. is there anything i can do to help her/to make her parents see that this is limiting her in so many ways? i know that this is their house and their rules, but these rules are stupid. they are stupid for the very simple reason that this is a time well below the norm here. literally no one else has to be home this early. i would somehow understand it if this were normal times, but we just graduated from high school. we have nothing to do, no assignments coming up. we're out of school and 11pm is really limiting her in her activities. it breaks my heart when i see how frustrated she gets when she tries to talk to them about it and i just don't know what to do!	9
dropping a medicine ball on my head this morning i went to my group workout as i usually do most morinings. as part of the planned workout designed by the coach, we each had to get into groups of four. one of the stations is called a burpee slam ball. you take a 30lb medicine ball, raise it above your head and slam it into the ground as hard as you can. this medicine ball is basically like a rubber bag that you then filled with sand so it doesn't bounce away. then once you do that, you do a burpee which is going into a squat, into a push up, back into a squatted position and then jump straight up, but all really fast and fluid. my partner had the great idea of modifying it so that instead of slamming the heavy ass ball, we should throw it as high as we can and try to do the burpee before the ball hits the ground. of course he makes it look so easy, so what the heck i'll do it. i throw it up, thinking i threw it far enough up and away from me. i go to do the burpee and next thing i know my whole face is slammed into the mat. yes...i threw a 30lb weight above my head and it came directly down on the back of my head. it felt like ronda rousey took a dump on my head, it was so heavy. but that's not all, oh no. the mat that we work out on has a texture to it. the pattern is like honeycomb or waffle like. so because of the 30lb+force of gravity my forehead now has a honey comb pattern stamped into it and probably won't go away for a few days. of course all my partners are all losing their minds, and granted i would laugh too. i may or may not have a concussion, but i feel ok. every dumbass meathead in my group is all like "suck it up waffle face" haha....good one guys tl;dr - i messed up an exercise and dropped a medicine ball on my head - got the texture of the floor stamped into my forehead as punishment	14
can i get a gf with a side of mayo that would be nice pm me please im alone	2
i'm getting annoying and u should probably stop but will i?	2
i just lay down with my elbow along my chest.. and i felt my heart going haywire, then i realised i'm feeling the in and out of my heart beat when i checked my pulse. weird feeling	1
day 44, i'm tired and lonely that's really all it really is i want someone to cuddle, i'm tired of cuddling pillows, i want a human to cuddle and hug and fall asleep with in my arms	2
i changed everything to light mode except on here reddit looks messy asf in white	5
hehehe my birthday is 69 yea baby	0
i'm happy. today i took a big step for myself. for a number of reasons, i've never felt like me with the name i was born with, but i was always too terrified to tell my father i intended to legally change it. that's always been my problem, i probably got it from my mother - she's the same way; we're far too worried about the happiness of those around us and never worried enough about our own. but today i did it. i confronted my dad and told him about my intentions to do so and it actually went well. we've never really had a great relationship so i was scared he'd freak out a bit, after all identity is something that is still confusing for a lot of people, especially the older generations. for once in a very long time, i'm happy with who i am and i'm very excited to know that in a little around a months time, i'll finally be who i've always been.	8
girls toilets probably get dirty more quickly cause they don't have the ability to pee on the shit stains in the bowl. thank you for reading	3
my [19m] friend [20m] and i just got into an argument. thoughts please... i had this friend i know for about 2 years, i was going through a lot of emotional abuse( not from him, from family ) i was really going through so much shit. (i've since moved out, considering therapy now) i needed to talk to someone, i decided to reach out to him and talk to him about him and here's how the convo went me"hey c, i really need to talk to you,i'm going through so much, and i'm just not happy" him: "ok what's up lol" me: "guess" (he knows it's my family, i've spoken to him about it before, i posted on snap that my family was putting me through hell and he viewed it) him: "um idk lol is sex trafficking affecting you or sumn " me: ".... what..." him: "what lol" me: "nevermind" him: "what?" me: "nothing, it's fine lol let's leave it alone, i'm gonna hit you up later about the pills" him: "i don't get it, you asked to talk to me and then you get mad at me for talking to you?" i told him "i'm not at you, i just wanted to talk to you about something serious and it's like you don't care, and i'm not asking you to, but you're making random jokes and desensitizing what i'm going through, and i just want to talk to someone who's actually going to take it serious." then he says "stop trying to guilt trip me for shit i didn't do, youre trying to make me a bad guy" i then say "no one said you were guilty, or that you're a bad person, i just want to talk to someone who's actually wants to hear it, if i made you feel guilty, i apologize, but that's not my intent." then he says "okay i'm the bad guy lol" i didn't even respond. i'm just honestly turned off. but please let me know if this is narcissistic or not, or let me know if i was wrong, i have no problem learning from any mistakes i made tl;dr: i tried to talk to my friend about things i was going through, he didn't take it serious, i said nevermind, and now he says i'm trying to "guilt" him.	1
that moment when your $5000 pc outperforms a $500 console. oh yeah. pc master race. . smells like broke in here	0
bruh in too old to go trick or treating like wtf in grade9 and i cant go trick or treating im so sad i miss the candy	4
very important question... i- i just turned 20... do i have to *sniffles* leave?	13
thoughts on this phrasing? really need help my best friend that i kinda like is in a relationship. we were talking about stuff and she used the phrase "he's not cooler than you he just has a crush on me and you don't" do you think there's an underlying message there? or am i reading too far into it	7
my post got pinned my mods on r/cringe! basically i was getting irritated a bit with many posts on r/cringe because they weren't cringey videos at all. so i decided to make a post explaining the definition of cringe for all the people that don't know the true definition of it and have misused it. i knew that there would be people who agree with me since i've seen many people voicing the same opinion, but i didn't think it'd get as much traction as it did, to the point where mods would have it pinned it as a reference post and a rule of thumb for the sub. and i think it's staying up there forever now as the first thing you see when you enter the sub. i feel super cool! also it was my first gold i got on a post!	1
is there still a chance for me (f 21) with my ex(24 m) i miss my ex so much. i'm 21, my ex is 24. we dated for 3 years, and he was there all throughout my freshmen year of college and we would facetime audio all night, every single night falling asleep to each other. it was long distant relationship, but later down the road, i ended up dropping him for another guy that i've met. but after dating that guy and another guy, i realized that i missed my first ex, and loved him the most out of all the guys i dated, and missed what we had the most. but the thing is that i hurt him immensely, and put him through a lot of pain when i ignored him those times he kept trying to chase after me. i feel so shitty about all the things i did in the past. he cried countless times trying to reach out to me, but i refused to listen to him, and kept on ignoring him. now i regret it immensely. because i contacted him a while ago to wish him happy birthday, and found out he has a girlfriend now ( that lasted less than a month), and said that she's very special and that he loves her a lot. i'm happy that he found someone, but also extremely sad that him and i will never be again. i had so many amazing memories with this man, and knowing that they came to a halt is soul wrenching. it's been 12 days since the no contact period has started, and i'm struggling to get him off my mind. i mean, i do go out and do things, but my mind keeps coming back to him from time to time. i can't help if but want to do everything in my power to get him back. please help, i have horrible self restraint, and i fear that i might do something incredibly stupid like drive all the way to his house (5 hrs away) and bring i'm sorry posters and millions of teddy bears. i mean, i would totally do it but there's absolutely zero chance now since he has a girlfriend now! tldr: is there a chance for my ex to get back with me even though he has a girlfriend now ( they've been together for a month now).	14
bruh i really talking to my therapist like someone who says 'i love you' on the first date i'm so desperate to tell someone about my problems i'm going straight into everything that's wrong with my me and my mental health we haven't even met that much	4
why is there no snoo thigh highs? i want my snoo to have some cute thigh highs	2
i just wanna thank my friends for helping me achieve this wonderful medal. it is now my most prized possession. better than anything i've ever gotten, so thank you. i think i deserve it because i worked hard to earn it. here's the medal:	15
why would u wanna set me up with ur daughter if you thought i'm gay	1
it'd be really cool if you hit me up rn i'm bored so yahhh slide in the dms ok bye have a nice day	17
do anybody else have to use compass learning in elementary school i remember they used to have some fun games until i got intro 4th grade when they changed the website and only had educational shit	16
we've been talking a lot and hung out outside of school today. is it too early to ask for her prescription adderall? i don't want her to think i'm like using her or get mad at me lmao but i would love some adderall	3
john cena, more like john see? nah.	0
no love left this has been the longest 11 weeks of my entire life. every day every minute my thoughts are consumed by my son. i simply cannot think of anyone else. tunnel vision is keeping me from seeing all the loving people who are still around me. so scared of this being me forever. how can the loss of one person completely eliminate everything else in my life? he wasn't the center of my universe before. he was my son. and i loved him tremendously. now, i feel as though nobody else matters. including me. it isn't fair to the rest of the people who are still here. what happened to the rest of my love?	14
what are your xm/sirius pre-sets? as my handle suggests, i like 80s so my first three are 1.) 80s on 8. (nina blackwood sounds like a sick smoker though, bring on more martha quinn) 2.) love- admit i like love songs. if you are a man, fess up.. 3.) hair nation- say, can i borrow your hair spray? 4.) espn-u radio love college sports. go seminoles! 5.) watercolors and 6.) spa kinda go hand in hand and these two stations help bring me down after a long day	8
i'm very grateful for the opportunities i've had last night i had a little party in my house cause i graduated with a bachelors degree. i wouldn't have done all of this if it wasn't for my family, especially my mother. she worked so hard for so many years in mexico and saved enough money to apply for permanent residence in america. i am so thankful to have a chance at life by being able to have access to an education. she texted me she could die happy now. god damn, i fucking love this woman. thank you mom i love you	3
do you guys think itd be in character for me for me to say the f word ? # #	5
automod appreciation post we love you automod fuck magiceyebot	3
ok but like who downvotes someone else's comment that was about themselves for context, look at my previous post. like i acknowledged that i didn't look great, so why was i downvoted chill	1
moving to a new city is sure expensive i moved to a new city about an hour and a half away from home. i really want to go out and explore the bars here, but i haven't started working yet and have been spending money on essentials and getting other things ready. plus i still have some other debts to pay (mostly holiday related). what are your experiences with moving to a new city?	4
i've been shitposting for like 30 minutes now i should sleep they literally aren't even funny i just have *thoughts* that i spill into the poor innocent inhabitants of this subreddit	11
my dick hurts...... i think i have an std...	15
i am (15f) and have been living in the hospital on and off for a month i am so tired everything has become a struggle i am sorry that this is poorly written i don't have the energy to fix it but im too stressed not to rant and i am terrified to go to school tomorrow because i don't think ill be able to make it through the day i spent most of easter asleep in my room the doctors believe i am developing crones and found an infection throughout my digestive system every time i had an issue with anything i talk to my boyfriend but my boyfriend has become my ex-boyfriend because two days after our one year he broke up with me via text i don't know who to talk to anymore luckily i just got an old best friend back but other than that i just need to be cheered up today was also extra hard for me because it was the first easter with out my grandpa im just in need of thoughts prayers and positivity i appreciate jokes and puns as well i also enjoy finding new fun sub reddits thanks for reading have a very good day and i am sure you are a lovely person	3
when i see posts about "no friends, depression etc" it makes me sad. i wish i could take you all in (granted you're at least close if not are 20 y/o) and help you out/be a friend i say london also as it helps to make the conversation a little easier, mostly because of time zone issues. the location for me is less an issue granted you're in my age group of 18-22. us guys and girls (18-22) should stick together united. not feeling shitty, depressed and alone. i hope i'm not the only one who thinks this all the time? i'm not perfect myself and i guess the problem with a thread like this is giving false hope. by that i mean being able to talk to one person at a time whilst juggling my life but please feel free to message me granted you're 18-22. london is a big bonus .	18
i (24 f) am about to text my ex (26 m) because i am pathetic... i know i shouldn't but i'm struggling and i know we both still care about way other. we broke up because of commitment: i gave an ultimatum and he's not ready. we were complicated but mostly happy and together almost a year. i have been numb and depressed and having issues in my life that are made harder not having him. i'm used to being alone and don't mind not being in a relationship, but i'm lonely and the thought of actually getting over him is too much. i can't even imagine being with anyone else and i feel like i have no control. i've already typed out this text i want to send and just planning to send it tomorrow is making me feel better and more calm. i don't know if i'm asking for advice or venting or want to have my mind changed, but i appreciate any comments, even the ones telling me how stupid this is tl;dr loving someone who can't commit is the worst and the breakup is even harder to deal with.	4
my first ever design tiktok i make album covers as a hobby. i'm looking to get into it full-time as i know my talents will be wasted in a normal 9-5 job. i'm looking for recommendations for album covers i can redesign and as this is possibly the most active subreddit, i figured i'd ask here first. [here's my first upload](<url>). i look forward to seeing your recommendations and hopefully turning them into something funky and cool	0
help wanted looking for cute girl between 15 and 18 to gimme a hug or cuddle a sad lonely 16 yr old boy pays in reciprocation please	1
current mood: blasting wap and screaming the lyrics	7
i'm bored hmu send me (15f) a chat, i'll talk about anything i'm that bored	1
you call yourself an epic gamer ? guess what, i'd eat ice cream or drink milk even though i have lactose intolerance get on my level noobs.	0
lazy day hanging out with my cats having a chill day hanging with my cats on this rainy day. anybody up for some casual conversations. send me a message if you wanna chat and i can maybe show you my kitties	6
(21f) can't trust my bf (27m) anymore so me and my bf been together 6 months now, long distance relationship, but an amazing one, from day one he has been the guy of my dreams and so was i to him, fell in love online as strange as it seems ... the problem is that he made a mistake, first two months, cheated and lied about it in my face since i asked him a hundred times about that one particular girl, lied about a bunch of other stuff too but i forgave him later on, and i literally said to him "i'll forgive but never forget, and you have to gain my trust again" truth to be told after all the lies came on the surface he said he was relieved that i found out and he'll never make me sad again and kept his promise, planning a life together and we're happy but the problem is me now, i can't trust him, can't let my guards down and keep investigating like an fbi agent just to find something, i don't want to be fooled again, it broke me.. i have all his social media passwords, have been through every single message he sent and received and he says he's ok with it, and that he loves me and "do what ever makes you relieved and happy " but i'm turning paranoid and obsessed ... and it's effecting our relationship even if he doesn't say anything, i start to feel it became a habit to look through his accounts messages activity log and everything i want to stop and focus on our relationship and the present, how can i do that? how can i trust him again? tl;dr: i can't trust my long distance boyfriend after cheating and lying about it, forgave him but still can't and it's effecting our relationship.	2
when you're 18 and a legal adult, but you're at the maximum age allowed on this sub it really do be like that	2
alright hear me out.. for the third mcu spider-man movie it should be set in australia and be called wait for it... spider-man: home and away no?	12
i wonder what pussy juice feels like? like if a guy cums he let's out sticky sperm right? and if a girl cums she let's out an egg cell right? but i wonder what kind of texture it's like... like is it a watery substance like piss or nah?	10
today is reddit's birthday: 23 june 2005! reddit is a teenager? does reddit suffer from depression?	10
search how many days since june 12 1829	0
tifu by getting the police to smash the neighbours front door down i have new neighbours. we didn't really get off to a good start. we introduced ourself when we saw them half way down the street once but we realised they were mid domestic argument so walked away as it was pretty awkward. since then they never said anything to us and sometimes we all arrive home at the same time and it's a race to see who can get there door open faster in order not to have to acknowledge each other. i should mention they have a dog. they're out a lot and we never hear the dog apart from the sporadic bark. however, tonight for over an hour the dog was howling. a constant high pitched howl that sounded like he was hurt. there lights were on so i figured they were home. dog is still whimpering and howling and i hear what sounds like a female screaming. i am now convinced the lady next door is hurt and the dog howling at her side. i knock on her door a couple of times but no answer. my partner calls the police and they turn up. i tell them i'm worried. they have a look through the window and said the place looks ransacked. then.... they just booted the door down. completely of it's hinges, glass everywhere and guess what?! they're not in. the dog was just missing its owners and they live in a mess created by them. it's going to be even more awkward from now on	15
wut do it mean when ppl thing ur 12 when ur literally almost 18 kids meals for free on jah?	5
that moment you fake threatening suicide on r/teenagers to get sweet reddit karma and also get tons of awards. epic awesome r/teenagers moment	0
i (24f) feel like i'm failing at being an adult. got married to my now husband (27m) and can't adjust to the new way of life. panicking :( my entire life was a little different from anyone else i knew. i was very sheltered and got an insanely late start in life. and also, i lived at home with my dad literally until now. it's pathetic. ive lived with my dad and four younger siblings. someone was always, always around and i was used to it, and it was comforting. that's what ive been used to. now, i got married and i am literally panicking. i feel like i'm a huge failure. we moved into an apartment together, and our schedules haven't changed from what they were before. we both have the same jobs, same hours, etc. i get home 4 hours before he does.. and it's proving to be a huge shock for me. we've been married 6 days, and i come home and cry immediately and panic and can't seem to figure out how to deal with it. i don't want to ruin my marriage because i'm acting like a huge baby. i want to be normal and be like every other married couple that live together, just them. i need advice pls :( i know i sound like an immature kid, and it's exactly how i feel. i feel like i'm a huge failure as an adult and especially as a wife already tl;dr; the shock of marriage and moving out has me in a panic everyday. i feel like a failure and don't know how to fix this.	4
i'm thinking about getting a pet rat x) hey everyone. i didn't know where to put this, but this sub is so nice, so i figured i'd post here. i've had mice for a couple years now, and my second to last one just passed. once my last one goes (i'll be giving her plenty of enrichment and play time), i was thinking about getting a rat. i had guinea pigs when i was younger, so we still have that cage and i could use that. i don't know much about rats, but i know how fuckin' adorable and sweet they are, as well a intelligent. i love smart animals and would love to have a pet i can just cuddle with. i have cats, but they were always fine with the mice and my snake (and my many other pets ), so i don't think that would be a problem. any of you guys had rats? any advice for a newbie? i'd love to find a shelter baby but don't exactly know where to looks. thanks!	1
fun fact: your t.v. is most likely emitting small amounts of emf radiation! (ionizing radiation!) i'm so bored right now	7
what song are you currently listening to on repeat? for me it's with "revenge, and a little bit more" by unlike pluto, or javert's suicide from les mis, cause i'm still obsessed with les mis even though it's been four years since i first saw it .	9
i need to stop getting attached to girls i meet online and text for a few hours but i wont	13
i sabotage every relationship im in, venting, seeking advice if theres another sub better for this let me know. i guess this could be considered a relationship w myself ive been single for basically 7 yrs (28f) so as i start feeling more ready to start to date ive been analyzing myself trying to figure out if im emotionally mature enough to start to date again. i want to give someone the best possible version of myself and nothing less. every past relationship ive been in, i have sabotaged with my neediness, clingyness, and insecurities. i can feel it happening but it always felt like i couldnt stop it. when i am in a relationship with someone, i want to spend as much times as possible with them, sleep w them everynight, i get possessive and jealous. its really not cute. before getting into a new relationship, i really want to overcome this altho it feels built into my dna. i have seen therapist trying to work through it, but sessions felt like bringing up past trauma from my childhood was just picking off a scab and making it bleed again every week. it never felt productive. i havent had a serious relationship for the past 7 years partially due to not being able to find someone im compatable with (i never want kids, dont want to date someone w kids so this drastically lowers my dating pool), and partially because i really want to change and not be needy and i dont think ive overcome this yet. being single, i am independent. i live alone, travel alone, go backpacking alone. i have a lot of hobbies photography, ukulele, volleyball, cooking, paddleboard, hike, camp, reading, hang out w friends but usually i just overwork myself because i am a workaholic and work 70 hour weeks which allows me to travel, live comfortably, contribute to my ira, and save a lot of $ too. well i wanted to try and do some self work/healing/whatever you want to call it and came across an article. she talks about 3 attachment styles: secure, anxious, and avoidant. i am the anxious. ive never related to something so much in my life. i hate that im like this, but really want to overcome so i can eventually have a healthy normal relationship where i feel secure. i dont know why im sharing this, i guess to get an outside perspective. i think one of the biggest reasons i dont want kids is because i know how much my childhood affected me and i never want to damage another person (among the dozens of other reasons). i will link the article in the comments, and i plan on working through the questions asked. i started journal writing again recently which i used to do a lot. i may try and seek out another therapist but i am hesitant. so far, nature has been my most effective therapist. i do feel happy for where i am in life. i have traveled to many countries, im not in debt, my jobs love me (and i love my jobs/coworkers/clients), i have a small biz, 2 cars, looking at buying property soon, college educated, close friends. its just when i get into a relationship, i turn into a possessive batshit crazy psycho. thanks for reading and for any advice. tl;dr want to be in a relationship, but i am psycho.	1
i'm poggers you're poggerser though keep being cool and enjoy the life you have rn! ly!	5
i slept horribly last night feeling under the weather lately. i tossed and turned for over and hour last night, didn't end up falling asleep till like 4am or so since my throat was all congested too. it was bad, guys. i really need to get off the electronics after a certain time	7
what if human societies are like herds of animals, where the strongest have to be thinned out occasionally so the young and weak have more opportunities to hunt or graze and keep the here strong long term? i'm just thinking. it's early morning so my brain goes funny places. but i'm think of like, the *producers* like the railroad tycoon and steel manufacturer in atlas shrugged. they're top producers. they're legacy can go on for many generations. same irl with farmers and top producers, like what happened with communism in russia. now, i'm just saying objectively. because the massive loss of human life was devastating. but objectively. i mean, disease, predation, these all serve functions on this planet, and our social hierarchy could produce the same effects i would think. that we could grow to place where, over many many generations, very few people have all the resources, and not only material resources, but also the experience and knowledge passed down through the centuries that everyone else doesn't even have access to, and could never catch up to you. and the system resets itself through some sort of revolutionary action. i'm thinking of socialism and communism as ummm...like...functions of sociology that serve a purpose similar to predation and disease etc etc. i don't know if any of this makes sense. i'm just thinking about it and wanted to see if anyone else could help me make sense out of what i'm trying to think about here. not trying to make some high fallutin theory or hypothesis. hopefully i used the big words correctly cuz this all just kinda poured outta me.	6
listening to spaceman zack filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	2
i am so undeserving of these wth thank you u/nwsredditaccount for the reddit gold and sidevote awards - *smooch* thank you u/papazolaxoxo for the cute snek award *mwah* and thank you u/bonkbot69420 for being alive! *mwah*	4
need input about how to handle a situation between me (m30) and a girl i'm dating (f22) ok so it's kinda a weird complicated situation but essentially some unnecessary drama has complicated a really fun cool relationship i was/ am having with a beautiful woman that i am really into. let's call her emily. i got out of a ltr a few months before emily and i got together. when we first started hooking up emily asked me to keep it between us and i did except that my ex and i were still living together and so the ex was able to figure out me and emily were hooking up. the ex was having sex with someone she didn't want talked about and i was having sex with someone i didn't want talked about so we agreed to keep matters to ourselves. i told emily my ex knew about us but everything was chill and that the ex didn't care (which is true). long story short right before the girl left town for 3 months a mutual friend heard some distorted info and went to emily and said that everyone was talking about us and that my ex was very upset about everything and emily freaked out about it. i didn't get to see her before she left town and things ended between us in a not great way. none of the info emily heard from the friend was true. we spoke several times via the phone after she left town and things would get better and then worse and then better and then worse and eventually she told me she needed space to figure out how she feels and that is where we are now. as of today we haven't spoke in over three weeks. how can i fix this situation? is there anything i can do? it really is true that my ex doesn't care what happens between me and emily. so i feel like this rift in our relationship is pointless and unnecessary but i don't know the right way to go about mending this relationship. and i really am just so into this person that i'm finding this all extremely stressful to be dealing with. thanks for any advice! tl:dr: unnecessary drama complicates a new and fun relationship. after three weeks of space between the involved parties what steps can i take to get us back to a good place?	4
anyone else not homophobic but still catch themselves calling things gay? sorry my non-straight brethren, i was raised in early 2000s with two brothers who i'd always game and play with. being gay was the ultimate insult back then sadly i catch myself saying it from time to time, and feel bad. i'm trying to find different words but i'm worried i might let it slip at work or something	7
subreddit is a lie if this is run by teenagers for teenagers then how is u/moizsh10 a mod	10
super friendly reminder to not ask trans/nonbinary people their sex/whats "in their pants"/anything along those lines<333 wtf is wrong wit yall cant i live	7
you can dream small and still be happy seriously tho, not everyone is special or has big dreams that will change the world. you can just get a small job and still be happy to be happy, you don't have to be famous, look at me i'm not famous but i'm still smiling here. so can you. having small dreams doesn't mean you are afraid of taking big steps, it just means that you aren't interested in what the world has for you. you can be an introvert or an extrovert but everyone deserves happiness. you are awesome, keep smiling	6
i'm back here i guess i literally cracked my ipad by... sitting on it (it already had a few cracks in it) and now i can't stand looking at it because it doesn't look nice so now i'm here	8
i really do be attracted to boys with triangle heads. not phineas tho i swear no cap bruh text so automod doesn't remove the post	5
where is the weirdest place to play jenga? where is one of the funniest/unlikely places to play jenga? asking for a youtube video idea... please, only possible locations only	1
letting a predominantly deaf student hear me drop the f bomb during class. i am a high school science teacher, and this year we are using a brand new curriculum to teach our freshman biology classes. at the start of the year, i was upfront and honest with my students about the new curriculum, and how we might have a couple days where things go haywire running new labs. today was the first. during lab today, the classroom became loud as the lab requires students to use forks to pick rice out of a container. (part two lets them see how a spoon is much more advantageous, and thus, naturally selected for.) the students have 30 seconds to pick rice out and put it into a cup. three rounds into the lab, it is clearly going fine, but not how i intended and there is a lot of mess. during one 30 second trial, i sat down at my desk and mumbled, "this is fucking chaos." at that time, i remembered my hearing impaired student. they have a cochlear implant, and i wear an fm transmitter around my neck so they can hear me. crap... i then said quietly, but loud enough for the transmitter to pick it up, "student, did you hear what i said?" slowly, with their back turned to me, i see the left hand raise up in the air, and simply receive a from the student. so, today is the first time in nearly 10 years i dropped and f bomb in class, and i wanted to share with you as well. tl:dr - the fm transmitter my hearing impaired student uses heard me curse about how bad a lab was going.	18
how to make vday/2year anniversary special?? so my boyfriend(m34) and i(f23) have been together two years on february 14 and i really really want to do something special. we're going out to a nice dinner on the following sunday to avoid vday crowds, but i'm thinking about surprising him with a home cooked dinner on our actual anniversary and we can do gifts then. i don't really cook so i'm trying to figure out what to make and it be easy but still good. also he lives with his mom right now to save money while he's in med school and i'm wondering is it too rude to ask her if i can borrow the kitchen to cook for just the two of us? she's known me for about two years now, but i'm just not sure if that's crossing a boundary. in the past we try to cook for the two of us and she joins in and sits down and kinda kills the mood so i'm not really sure what to do in that situation? does anyone have any tips on asking her as well as what to cook lol. on a scale from 1-bobby flay i'm cereal and toast. tl:dr; special vday/anniversary dinner at home ideas?? also is it okay to ask my bfs mom to specifically let me cook dinner just for the two of us without her interrupting?	9
umm... yea read below i guess so its raining out, and i'm just out here chilling on my phone. if you wanna talk about anything at all, just hit me up, i'll try my best to reapond within a reasonable amount of time. thank you	6
do i post too much?	10
i think i've found the one hi guys i am exploding with all sorts of good emotions right now and i wanted to share my day with someone.. i've been with my boyfriend for 4 years and i stay at his place during the week. recently he started a full time job and has been super busy & tired. i suffer from some autoimmune illnesses & other physical and mental health issues and on thursday i stayed at my parents place because i had a mild medical procedure on friday. everything went well, although i was in quite severe pain so i had some pain killers and slept on and off all of yesterday. when i woke up in the evening i checked my phone and there was no messages or anything from my bf so i just thought i'd let him unwind from work seeing how it was the end of the week and what not. then it hits 10pm and i still haven't heard from him so i messaged him & asked how his day was etc assuming it just slipped his mind that i was having a procedure today. well it did, because we had a conversation and he didn't really ask how it went or how i was feeling and i start feeling very hurt.. my boyfriend couldn't even message me and see how i was doing?? emotional, i sent him a message saying my procedure went okay and i was experiencing some pain "incase you were wondering" i feel like maybe i shouldn't have been so passive but idk i was already feeling shit and it upset me. so he calls me and we end up talking for an hour just communicating and getting on the same page (i admit i was crying lol but i was sad ok). after a long discussion we were both feeling better so we said goodnight and that was that. an hour later i'm in bed watching netflix and i hear floorboards creaking, and out of nowhere my adorable boyfriend pokes his head in my room... i had to do a triple take because i thought he was asleep at his place wtf was he doing here?! you guys, this beautiful human felt so bad for making me upset (i wasn't even that sad!!) so he drove over half an hour while it was cold and late just so he could hug me. i thought my heart was going to explode! actually i still think it will explode. how did i manage to get this lucky? not only do i have the most caring, loving man, if he unintentionally hurts me he will do whatever is in his power to make sure i go to sleep warm and fuzzy. i love him so much words cannot describe the things he makes me feel. i really don't know how i got so iucky but shit he is the best thing that's ever happened to me. so anyway, this was my day today. he is currently spooning me while he sleeps and i've never been so comfortable in my life despite the pain and grossness. i love you fishy	3
guess who's got a fucking girlfriend now this fucker here does, hell yeah later, virgins	0
just a post flexing on you guys about how i got free ice-cream when i was a kid. so i had this 60yo ice cream guy who passed through my neighbourhood who sometimes gave me free ice-cream which i could only get if i followed him in the secret dark spot in the back of the ice cream truck but for some reason the ice cream wasn't cold but very warm. idk why because i couldn't see it because it was too dark. but i remember that if you shook it enough it would cause this whipped cream to come out after a few mins but honestly the free ice-cream didnt taste that good but y'know free ice cream is free ice cream.	0
the fact that im actually friends with a pedo is pretty based in my imo i will make them pedo me	15
went to go to a job interview today and ended up getting a different job altogether. i feel like yall would appreciate a little story since you guys are always asking hows my day been. heres my response! so today was a weird day, yesterday i got this weird email talking about a job interview but the thing was that the email had misspelled words in it and the address was off, at first we(me and my mom; my mom has never had a civilian job before and she was curious about the process) thought it was the bank which im severly under qualified for but upon futher inspection i figured out it lead to gas station next to the bank. not gonna lie i knew that this was 100% the wrong place and i had a feeling the address was supposed to lead to the mcdonalds down the road. but i knew that i had to ask about the mistaken email and if i wimped out and went directly to mcdonalds that i was gonna regret it. anyway the plan was to go at the interview at 10:00am today but was supposed to arrive there 15 mins early per my parents advice. keep in mind that ive never had a job before or an interview. and in panic ended up arriving like 30 mins early. to kill some time, i wonder into the nearby target and wondered into the bathroom to calm down. and when i take off my hat i realized that i forgot to shave the hair between my eyebrows and my unibrow is really obvious. i start freaking out and rush to the body care section of target, i look at the prices of the small electric shavers and its 12$. i cant afford that! i only have 40$ in my bank account and cant just get rid of 1/4 of all i got! i decided that im gonna have to just hope they dont notice. 9:45 rolls around and i enter the gas station to ask about the email and the interview. strangely enough the first person i talk to is the manager of the gas station.(was by coincidence that the manager was filling in as the cashier at the time) i explain to her about this weird email and the fact that they stated that interviews were happening at 10:00 am at this address. she looks at the email and says that there actually werent any scheduled interviews but she can check with the hr department. and she calls me over to the back where her office is. and then she interviews me right then and there! i told her a little of my life story and said that i could honestly work at any time of the day because i have no life(ok i didn't actually say that last bit) shes seems to like me and wants me to apply online but the thing is that i actually just applied there 2 days prior. and my application was already there. shes seems kinda surprised and was like "are you willing to take a drug test and go to the training? and possibly have to deal with angry customers?" and im said "yeah, im ready. i can do it." and so she handed me the drug test sheet and said "you have 24 hours to get a drug test and turn this back into me" throughout the whole interview i was nervous and shy but towards the end i gathered enough courage to give a proper firm handshake like my dad taught me. i smiled and thanked her for her time and biked back home. after the drug test was said and done, when i went to handed in the paper, they were surprised that i had returned! and they were worried that hearing the 24 hour time limit would scare me off. this was my first interview and i thought it was normal. apparently not. anyway my day went really well and im feeling good. to wrap up the day, me and my family are off to see deadpool 2!	4
happy teen hour up for chatting and knowing more interesting facts	10
doing things the right way hey y'all. i recently met this attractive, funny and smart woman this past weekend while hanging out at a buddy's house. i'd never been there before and she is his and his girlfriend's roommate. we stayed up talking to each other till three in the morning and ended up going to bed together (without having sex ). we ended up all spending the day together doing fun things and the day turned to night and i ended up staying the night with her again. we got a little hot and heavy and she stopped me telling me that she really likes me. i'm so glad that she did because all i have ever really done is rush things and i really like this girl as well. looking back i see all of the unhealthy relationships and realized that i'm classified as anxious attachment. this past week i've analyzed my old habits and have refrained from my old patterns of obsessive/clingy behavior. i'm proud of myself and genuinely hopeful for where this will possibly go.	6
it's my half birthday today! i kinda feel like i need to buy myself half a present or something... i like presets and celebrating dumb things. a half birthday is pretty dumb and existential. but what to buy...?	10
readers, what's the best piece of literature you've read that wasn't written in your native language (translated)? i'm a huge fan of translated literature. especially japanese and italian. i was wondering what are your favorites? mine are: 1q84 by haruki murakami, and don't tell me you're afraid by giuseppe catozzella. i feel like translated literature doesn't get the appreciation it deserves - i'm so thankful that translation exists so we can continue reading beautiful works from other countries, p.s: english isn't my first language - excuse any grammatical errors or typos	6
i typed out a tic in the discord im gonna pee myself hm lmaoooajdksks it looks so funny help i havent slept in 30 hours://	11
at this point i think my parents would be more mad finding out i juul then that i smoke the devil's lettuce .	10
i want an extremely hot girl to tell me if i'm ugly or not and be brutally honest about it. any volunteers? i'll give you my instagram or snapchat.	1
what keeps you up at night ? why is it that you can't sleep? bad dreams? stress? hormones ? for those of you who have a hard time falling asleep what do you think caused it ?	1
what's that one thing (or more) that spelt definite trouble for you as a child? slamming the door was a big no in my house. worse if i slammed the door after my mom just finished speaking with me. i remember one time i was really angry, and of course i couldbt talk back to my mom while she was scolding me. so she told me to go and i slammed a door 2 rooms away. the funny thing was, once this happened, i came to my senses - all my anger evaporated and was replaced with fear because i knew i was in trouble for sure.	1
people who don't listen to bones or $uicideboys saying they have depression	1
you heating up your breakfast but i'm heating up my dinner truer words never spoken	4
wow so legitimately 5 minutes ago i was lying down and just thought how amazing it would be to just cuddle with a girl. and then i remembered that's impossible	0
no more fortnite no more cards no more 19 dollar cards	5
when she stops liking all my posts i mean it was a fun two weeks out of nowhere i knew weren't going to last forever but keep your head up kings	2
my crush smiled at me later virgins	0
how should i (21m) bother with my friend (22f) anymore? sorry for reposting but only got one response and need more advice i (21m) have been friends with my friend (22f), let's call her a, for 7 years. we were both openly gay in high school in a big town in the us and found a lot in common with each other and our experiences. we live in the same town, and for the past 7 years weve see each other fairly regularly and were really close! even when i started my degree we still saw each other regularly and texted every other day. but over the last year or so i've been having my doubts that she cares about our friendship. she will message me to make plans and then when it comes to the day i'll get to the meeting place only for her to text me 30 mins after we are due to meet that she's not coming. she's done this multiple times. in the past year she's only followed through on plans three times. it's exhausting and embarrassing for me. the last time we saw each other was february, where we were meeting with a larger group of friends at a bar with our boyfriends / girlfriends. she spent the whole time talking about how she doesn't understand why i've been with my boyfriend for 3 years as he "looks old" (he's 23) and "humans aren't meant to be monogamous" (i don't think humans are 'meant' to be anything tbh). she then told me that she knew how my boyfriend wanted to propose to me with in the next year or so! which was a shock because i didn't know he was even thinking about it!! im so mad she felt like she could ruin the surprise for me. she spent a lot of time chatting up girls at the bar lying to them saying she is a teacher / doing a degree / lives by herself etc. she also continuously put down my job in front of these girls saying it was really easy and that she could do it with no issue. i'm a youth worker for teenagers with special needs, and i told her that as she currently unemployed and as relevant experience she is more than welcome to apply for a job as my work is hiring. i then didn't really speak to her for the rest of the night. since then we haven't spoken much but she likes and comments on pictures on my social media so i assumed we were fine. two weeks ago i celebrated my 21st birthday and i invited her and a bunch of other people. she said she would come, but she didn't. she didn't message me saying she wasn't coming or anything she just never showed up. i don't know if this hurt me more than it should because it was my 21st but i found it really rude. the next day she posts this heartfelt message on my facebook wall about how much she loves me with loads of pictures, and then messaged saying she was super sorry for not coming and that she would go out for drinks with me to make it up to me. but at this point i just don't want to talk to her. i just don't understand why she constantly makes plans and either doesn't show up, or talks shit about my boyfriend or my job every time she does. do i respond to her message? why do you think she is doing this? i'm so confused. **tl;dr friend keeps making plans and then flaking on the day or showing up and being very rude. missed my 21st and then sent "heartfelt" messages. what do i do?**	9
for drinking too much and loosing my purse so this happened some years ago, the night before christmas eve. me and my husband were staying at my parents house, and his family was arriving that evening to spend christmas with us and my family. a friend invited me for dinner at her place with some of our friends from college and i was going alone, while my husband was going to receive his family at my parents house. my friend had told everyone she invited to bring some dessert or wine, and of course everyone decided to bring wine. dinner was great, we had a lot of fun, and drank all the wine there, including everything she had at home. one of my friends even suggested to go for perfumes when all the alcohol was over. the neighbours started complaining about the noise, as we were singing so loud, so we decided to go to a club . as we were all fired up, we just dropped all our stuff on a table close to the dance floor and continued the party untill closing time. when we were about to leave i realized my purse was gone, with my wallet, keys, cellphone, and a bunch of other stuff. so i went to the police station, still drunk, to report a robbery with my drunk friends as witnesses. it took hours, and finally i went to my parents home, without a key to open the door, and without a phone to call my husband. i had to knock on the door and ring the bell untill finally my dad opens the door and i realised everyone woke up with the noise...except for my husband. and i had to say hello to all his family at 5 a.m., smelling like alcohol, with my shoes in one hand, and had to explain my parents how i lost their home keys. nice way to impress the in-laws. tl;dr: got drunk with my friends and lost the key to my parents house. had to knock on the door and woke up my in-laws, who came to spend christmas with my family.	1
my (21f) bestfriend (22m) didn't tell me that he was engaged he's been such a good friend of mine for about half of my life and i couldn't be more grateful for him. but i realized how much of a jerk he was when i had to find out from his mom that he was engaged. to a woman that i don't like. that he was with for less than a year. like, he was supposed to be my bestfriend and he couldn't even tell me that he was engaged wtf. but at the same time i can kind of see why he didn't tell me because we had a falling out last year at his birthday party because of her. she was being shady towards me and i called her out. of course he took her side so i stopped talking to him and then he apologized to me because he missed me. his mom called me around christmas and boasted about him getting engaged. i was obviously confused but i didn't tell her that because it was embarrassing that i was his bestfriend and wasn't one of the first to know. i simply just texted him and said, "your mom told me you were engaged." he called me and he was just really happy and excited like he didn't forget to tell me and then he told me that he wanted me to be his best woman. he already had a best man but he wanted me to be up there too. (he's dumb sometimes don't mind him). i just asked him how he wanted me to be a best woman at a wedding that i didn't even know about. he said that he was gonna tell me but he was caught up. i asked him how he would feel if i were to be engaged and not tell him but he just made a joke out of it. he keeps saying, "i'm not letting you get married because he's gonna take you away from me." yeah whatever. i just told him that i had something to do and then hung up. he texted me a few hours later saying that he was serious about me being in his wedding and was telling me what he wanted me to wear. i just lied and told him that i couldn't go. i don't want to be in his wedding. i don't want to be near his wife. i don't want to be near him. he's fakkkeee. a fake friend. he randomly sent me a link to that "we don't talk anymore" song and i just replied, "you're so corny lol." then he says, "i miss you " i just replied with "ohh" and then went about my day. he obviously feels guilty about not telling me because he's been sending me old pictures of us when we were younger non-stop. he's also been subtweeting me a lot, like when he posted a throwback embarrassing picture of me and then after that made a post that said "i don't think there's anything that hurts more than being abandoned by someone you were once so close to." as you can see, he's very sensitive and in touch with his emotions so i'm not surprised that he's getting married so quickly. but i wish he would've told me. he would've been one of the first to know had it been me. i don't think he's a good friend to me anymore and if i could randomly just stop talking to him, i would but he doesn't play those games. he knows how to make me feel extremely guilty into talking to him. tl;dr: my bestfriend of 9 years didn't tell me that he was engaged. i had to find out from his mom and i don't want to be friends with him anymore because that's so messed up to me.	2
bored girl, just came back from football practice :) i'm 19f and live in spain, just want to talk to someone	6
so we did it gamers.. we reached the 69th-day milestone	0
i need some appreciation and this may sound egotistical, but i'm egotistical so no shame. give me the best compliment you got. i wanna feel appreciation	13
i'd rather be miserable and bored than miserable and lonely that being said, how many times do i have to ask someone how their day was until they become my friend and let me spam their snapchat or ig	7
why are posts getting removed for having the 'other' flair? seriously that's the most fucking stupid thing i've ever seen ngl	7
when you fake sick and ur mom makes u go to the doctor and there's actually something wrong pain	2
i'm vibing lying in bed listening to asap rocky	5
when you want to make use of black friday savings but your debit card doesn't want to work.	4
sending my boyfriend a nude while he was at work. this happened about a week ago, but the story is too good to keep between the both of us. my boyfriend just started a new job and it's been going pretty alright for him, however, since his shifts are all in the morning and mine are at night, we barely see eachother. so on one of my days off, i decided to tease him a little and maybe get some fun back at the end of the night. i took a picture of my kitty and then sent him pictures of our actually cat (charlie) with a caption that said "some kitty pics for you <3." he sees the message but doesn't respond, which is fine, he's probably doing something at work. fast forward to when he came home. i ask him how his day went and he kind of just laughs a bit. he says, "well it was okay until my boss saw your nude." m: no fucking way. how?! bf: i thought it was all pictures of charlie, but then i kept swiping and there was just a pussy. m: in hysterical tears you're fucking with me bf: nope. what's worse was when i tried to swipe back to charlie, the image wouldn't load so we just sat there in the image of your vagina. i felt pretty bad about having his new boss look at my pussy, but it's such a story that would, of course, happen to the both of us. tl;dr: i sent my boyfriend nudes and his boss saw it.	1
click here(idk what to title) im going to sleep write something cool here so i can read it when i wake up	0
this girl i'm talking to just used the laughing emojis unironically, should i block them? it just feels weird talking to them now so i'm gonna go and cry myself to sleep /s	2
share your love stories! going through a rough break up and would love to hear some inspiration. share stories of finding a soulmate after losing somebody	6
racist joke incoming so a black guy walks into a bar. he sits down and orders a drink. until a couple minutes later a lady taps him on the shoulder. "what do yo-" he stops for a moment and realizes it's his ex girlfriend. "honey you gotta pay for childcare!" she shouts "welfare enough..."	17
possibly [nsfw] not my original idea, but i was bored, so i decided to pick it up.... let's have a game of truth or dare let's do this. will be quite fun **i choose truth** p.s.:- what song did you last listen to/ are listening to now	8
what do you guys like to do when you're bored? what do you pike to do? me, i'd probably watch movies and maybe go to the gym, but my body hurts so much today i can barely move ! have a great sunday!	9
making everyone at my job think i was watching hentai in the breakroom alright, hear me out. i work at a tourist attraction and our breakroom is located in a secret hall away from the view of a guests. we duck through a semi hidden door to a central corridor that leads to the employee br, lockers and breakroom. however, there are no doors on the break room. i finished my lunch and we have 45 min breaks, so i thought i could finish an episode of shokugeki no soma before heading back to work. as i was working earlier my phone was on vibrate and i recently switched from a razer phone to an s10+. my razer phone mutes all sound when on vibrate and turns out my s10+ does not. i launched crunchy roll and my video resumed from this morning, and i had left off right before a tasting montage. for any of you who don't watch the show, every time they taste something they have a foodgasm with moaning and all that shit, i'll link an example. link: nsfw <url> as i play the episode, that scene starts playing at full fucking volume. everyone fucking looks at me [an asian teenager] with a wtf face. at this point i'm really embarrased and i'm in the bathroom typing this out . note to self, watch all subtitled anime with earbuds from now on, especially in public.	9
awake since 4am. now only an hour until i get up i'm going to be soooo tired today. woke up at 4. couldn't get back to sleep. it's now 5:20 and i have to be up at 6:30 so there's no point trying to get back to sleep now. i'm going to be the grumpiest person alive at work. it's at times like this i thank the world for reddit and its pointless subs.	1
thinking a drunk was a dead guy this actually happened today, like an hour ago. i was walking to the bus stop to get the bus into work and there was a man lying face down on the roundabout about 200m from the stop. i initially assumed he was just like asleep and was like....i hope he's okay. then another man crossed the road to go over and check on him. he seemed to be trying to wake him up but after a couple minutes gave up and left. i immediately think worst case scenario: oh god that's a dead person. i call an ambulance just before i had to get on the bus. i also text my friend, who was driving home at the time, if she could keep an eye out for him and let me know if the ambulance arrived cause i was really worried about the whole thing and didn't want to just....never know what happened. she texts me a few minutes later saying he was gone and she saw a drunk guy stumbling down the road nearby. tl;dr: i just completely wasted the ambulances time and maybe even took services away from someone who actually needed them and now i feel really guilty	12
so i just found out 20 people in my grade went to this party, and someone who went tested positive for covid, and like 30 peoplenlefr school early today to get tested and those who sat next to them needed to as well luckily i'm too cool to be invited	0
hot take but the british monarch should be abolished i live a bit away from the buckingham so anyone hmu lets start a coup [ ](<url>)	0
people have been through goddamn revolutions and people now are worried about how far away the other side of the phone is. thanos was right	7
hey gamers this is my last post before my caeke day ends. and i just wanted to put that out there. that's about it. remember gamers. stay epic.	0
who wants to play minecraft ayyy me and my friend are looking for people to play minecraft with. we have a small server... so pm if you want to.	0
so i've been able to conclude that... strawberries are better than pineapples thank you all	3
what's your rice purity test score? i got a 99 (i urinated in public one time )	0
who wants to play minecraft with me i play on bedrock and have no friends. hmu	17
don't ask me to makeout bruh i'm literally trying to block out ur existence it do be tempting tho $!!!!!!!!!!	7
guys i did it jk i still aint seen 2 pretty best friends	15
what's the weirdest thing you've done playing truth or dare? title is self explanatory i hope. i play it all the time with my friends. weirdest thing i've done was to make hearts and kissy faces when we were on the bus at a random driver. they blushed so hard.	1
reconnected with my first love and things are insane. someone help! so i've broke up with my ex. we were together a long time. one drunk evening i decided to find my first love. i fbi'd his ass and found him using only his name and dob! while drunk and no other connections! lmao! no social media connections, no email addresses and no mobile number. the internet is a small and scary place ppl! background: he was scared he'd found the one, me, too young. we met when we were 22. i embraced our love and was ready for him. him not so much. would ignore me for months on end in our long distance relationship. serious ostrich syndrome. i would send him 4 page emails trying to figure out what was going on, what i'd done for him to treat me this way. to be young naive and stupid in love. i was a virgin and he respected my wishes not to have sex. he always said if i was ever waiting in a hotel ready for sex, he'd come running. fast forward to me being 26 and i'm just that... he stands me up. i vow he will never see me again. he messages me on fb telling me he's moved to the big city for me and wants to make it work. i tell him enoughs enough. now here i am 33 drunk af and i message him. i was certain he'd be married with minis running around and i want to clear the air. it turns out he hasn't and we laugh about how we both had exes who abused drugs despite neither of us even smoking. we arrange to meet several times and he cancels on the day. we met for the first time spontaneously as he kept loosing his nerve. when i saw him it was like a punch to the stomach. i don't look like i used too - weight gain yatayatayata he jumps out the car and picks me up in a bear hug. i'm 6ft and he's taller than me. we hang and it was like talking to an old friend. he tells me i'm still beautiful - my most recent ex didn't even tell me i was pretty because everyone else did needless to say that hit me hard.. at the end of the meet he kisses me and i swear i could see the outline to his soul. he was on fire. he's the only guy i've kissed and seen fireworks. afterwards, i freak out tell him i'm scared i'm gonna fall for him. after toing and froing him telling me his head is hurting, as im battling between my head and heart, he ignores me for a week. i get in touch with him ask him to meet and then he freaks out and i offer him what he didn't provide me - patience and understanding. after me giving up and saying we need to end things he gives me a window where we can meet. we were meeting to finally have sex. we met, did it and after a couple of days he then ignores me for a month.. he says he's busy and can only meet to hook up.. i'm cool with that but i just want good morning texts.. did i get any texts? no. no, i did not. i used to tell ppl i was going to have his babies. i mentioned this to him once in passing as i never told him. i want to meet him for one last sex session as a goodbye and he wants to do it when i'm ovulating... the crazy ass! tell me what to do. this is f*cking crazy! tl;dr we reconnect, i was a virgin, when i was finally ready he stood me up. after 10 years we meet after he bailed several times - worried i wouldn't like him. we hit it off. arrange to meet, do it and he ignores me for a month.. i want a goodbye sex session and he wants to do it when i'm ovulating because deep down i know that's how he'd settle down. this is crazy.. help	11
goodnight everyone urine man is making me go to bed	11
and then the apple bottom jeans what about a second time	5
assumption thread comment and ppl will assume things about u based on ur recent post history	0
college:never again so on friday i had to email my bio professor to let him know i wasn't able to make it to class because the roads were too slick and since my car doesn't do well on slick roads, i didn't feel comfortable driving 30 to my class. i was messaging a friend in the class who had gone to keep me updated, and guess what. the professor gave (the 6 people that showed up) bonus points and they got 15 points back on the test that we took that monday that i got 50/100 on so moral of the story... even if the roads are slick and i im scared i might wrech, im going to frakin class anyway!	12
me (30f) confused with this guy (30m) i know this sounds so stupid lol i got attached to this guy i haven't even met him in real life , he's in ca i'm in il, we constantly text and chat, play games online, we've been talking for a year now. i just found out he has fwb over there and the girl is in love with him, the thing is i know i'm not in the position to get jealous or anything since i haven't met him yet but have grown deeply attached lol just yesterday we had a huge fight and i started asking him who am i to him. if i'm just a girl he met online or does he even consider me as a friend?? he said "i considered you more than a friend" o.o i was so surprised hearing that from him. although i shouldn't have believed that but idk why it hits me. him and her are seeing every now and then but i dont think they're in a relationship though the girl is very possessive and clingy. i don't know what to do i dont wanna ruin what they have but at the same time wondering why would he play with peoples feelings. if he is serious with the girl he$ fking why bother with me and pretend like i mean something to him. every time the girl post something on his wall on fb he totally ignore it yet makes a reaction on her statuses . have i done something wrong? by entering the scene? lol he wants me to go see him, such a gentleman right? i'm thinking were old enough to play cats and dogs yet here i am involving myself with it. does that make me the villain. why would some man play around knowing him particularly are dealing with 2 wonderful women . why do i even bother myself with this nonsense lol. is it possible he could have feelings for us both? or it's just simply lust why not make her,his gf tho, why hide that. some men tho are just poly in nature.. it's weird how i cant just shake how i feel for this dude hes not even worth it obviously. someone throw water on me! so i'll wake up! tl;dr i got attached to this man who is having fwb with this woman who's so in love with him & i'm so confused what to do, clearly this dudes a player.	1
i'm in the middle of a mental breakdown so basically we were outside doing stuff on the roof n i was told to throw a rope up, like wtf i can't throw for shit. my mums boyfriend was telling me how, n i tried n i couldn't get it, he insisted that i keep trying but my brother was in a rush since he has class soon. n i just kept telling him to do it since i can't. n honestly i almost snapped n said, 'well i don't know how to do this, i never had, i never had a fucking father around to show me how to do it, so i'm sooo sorry i fucking cant.' luckily i didn't but now i'm inside laying in bed crying about never having a father. so really good day so far.	12
does liking my exes (23m) unhappiness make me (21f) bad person? i had an almost two-year relationship with somebody i basically consider satan. he broke everything from my tv in a fit of rage to my brand new iphone to my heart, and almost me personally a couple of times. he was cold and uninterested in me emotionally and physically the entire time and habitually would have me do drugs with him just to feel close to him and he used that as an excuse to keep doing them. he knew it, too. i've been so blissfully happy and excited for life since i finally ended things for good that i can't help but spill it everywhere and people have noticed such a huge difference in me as well. i feel so good about myself when they mention it. however, satan has a profile here on reddit (thanks to me) and has been posting shitty poetry constantly about how horrible his life is, how he can't stay off drugs, and how his new victim doesn't want him back, and it makes me so happy. i feel like that's karma at work. i just feel guilty for it making me feel good because i'm generally known as a good, loving person. but after all the emotional and physical abuse he put me through, i can't help but smirk evilly when i see how horrible his life is. does that change my moral standing? or does that make me human? tl;dr: i freed myself from a super emotionally and physically abusive relationship and now for some reason feel guilty for being happy that he's miserable.	10
i got a girlfriend! then she came out as lesbian and i found out she never liked me to begin with...	2
i know you'd rather be laid up with a big booty body hella positive cuz she got a big booty	4
i just want to get my eyebrows done but my mom won't let me (15f) my friends, girls in my grade/ the grade above me have their eyebrows done. i'm the only person i know that doesn't have their eyebrows done, which makes me feel like i'm ugly. i've asked my mom if i can get my eyebrows done for some years now and every time she has said no. why is it so hard to get my eyebrows done?!? she would let me wear a full face of makeup but wouldn't get my eyebrows done? if you went through the same situations can you tell me how you convinced your parent/ guardian to allow you. please, the school year is coming up and i want to look suave .	0
im about to get my masters degree!! im 12 hours away before presenting my thesis in front of the jury. my thesis has already been approved and this presentation is to some extent just a formality. im very excited but also very stressed. i just needed to tell someone since my friends and family are away. wish me luck!	6
forgetting my mother's birthday i'm the youngest of four kids, and all four of us forgot our mother's birthday was yesterday. what makes it even worse is our mother is single and lives alone, so in all likelihood she was entirely alone on her birthday. my eldest sister even talked to her on the phone yesterday. we all thought her birthday was today. i feel like the worst son in all of existence. i found out by texting her happy birthday this morning, and got back this: yeah, i am very heartbroken because not one of my kids remembered. i am at work so i can't get into it or i will cry. and i am your mom. of all people you should remember me. i immediately texted my siblings that we messed up bad. the oldest is rushing to pick up our mom from work to surprise her with lunch and flowers so we can try and make it up to her. tldr: my three siblings and i forgot our mother's birthday and she's heartbroken.	14
meme songs played by teenagers i haven't seen this posted before and i think this community needs to see this (this is not my content) [part 1](<url>) [part 2](<url>) again i am not in this video and this is not my content all credit goes to the lyon bros youtube channel they have 69k subs rn	0
boys aren't skinny enough they need to be skinnier filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	3
let's see if this works... *screaming* keanu reeves *looking around frantically for upvotes*	15
really thinking about getting started in mary kay! i'm not one to really dabble in these sort of pyramid schemes, but i've been meeting with a mary kay consultant for the past 2 saturdays and we are becoming really good friends. yay for new friends! i'm interested in the product but i'm having a hard time seeing the bigger picture. she keeps wanting me to become a consultant because my personality would be great for it. i'm all about skin care and makeup. however, i quit wearing makeup about a year ago when i stopped working and got pregnant. anyone have any success in a pyramid business? i'm not looking at this as a main source of income, merely an essentric hobby, because i'm boring and have none!	1
ordering pork belly sliders. so, i went to a fancy restaurant. i ordered poutine, salad, and pork belly sliders. i ate it all and i was like "man that was delicious". i started walking back home. i felt totally fine, but then, i felt a strange feeling in my intestines. i felt the instant urge to shit huge amounts. the need grew more and more urgent as i walked, and i had to walk several blocks. by the time i got to the hotel, i was practically sprinting (which wasn't really helping). i begged the concierge to tell me where the bathroom was, and i immediately sprinted towards it. i got there, and "men's bathroom is close for cleaning" so i went in the woman's bathroom. i heard, from my stall, my mother telling two women that i was in there. it fell out of my like a waterfall. splatters and bubbles and farts. i got up, and i realized that there was barely any toilet paper. i also realized that i had gotten shit all over the seat. i washed my hands and dragged myself out of the door in defeat.	7
i think there's a slight chance my crush likes me back, but i'm not sure as any other person i do over analyze sooooo much. but i asked her if she wanted to hang this summer, and she said: maybe yes . i mean, out of the other things i've overanalyzed there are slight chances she might be into me. what do you think?	6
my (31m) girlfriend (29f) tells her friends that she thinks a coworker is hot we've (29f 31m) been dating a year and a half and just got our first home together. my girlfriend is a resident at a big hospital. i've noticed a few times that she has talked to other other coworkers about another resident that she finds attractive. her most recent comment - "just ran into __ the hot resident. makes my day" to which her friend replied "oh i see what you do all day. just ignore your boyfriend "... important details: i have issues with insecurity and feel like she is attracted more to others. we had amazing sex for the first 6 months, now it's just meh. it's always when she wants, not me, and she claims to only want it about once a week. she made a comment today about how i'm "more interested in the sexual side of the relationship" whereas she values the "other things such as building a home together". i told her that just because i value one doesn't mean i devalue the other, because i feel i discuss both all the time. tl;dr my girlfriend says she loves me and i have nothing to worry about, but she is telling her friends that a coworker is hot. i can admit i have insecurities. our sex life is subpar. anyways, thoughts on this situation? thanks guys.	1
idk wtf id do if somebody broke into my house while i was butt booty naked honestly id be so embarrassed id probably just let em rob me at that point	7
bro i just want a hug like a real one	2
learning how to use the emergency eye wash things in the hospital i work at... this happened this past week and sorry if no one understands my sense of humor but i've been sitting around thinking about this and laughing to myself. i genuinely feel like a dumbass for this. i'm a housekeeper at my local hospital and it's my second week there. i was ringing out a rag and looked down and it sprung from my hands and some of the stuff we use to mop the floors splashed in my eye (we don't use soap and water). i immediately took my gloves off, sanitized my hands, and went to find a sink in the utility closet. i figured i was being too panicky and calmed down and realized not much got in my eyes at all so i just rinsed my eyes out extremely well in the sink for a few minutes. when i was done and dried off i saw the eye wash thing and thought to myself maybe i should figure out how this thing works just in case there's a real emergency? and yeah they didn't teach us housekeepers how to properly use them ... i proceeded to grab the handle and pull it towards me and notice there was a weird hook holding it down. i struggle for a while and got the hook off and noticed the handle goes loose and i squeeze the handle and that's when all hell broke loose. the handle locked and the hook locked as well back in place. the water streamed out non stop in huge droplets. i proceeded to get soaked head to toe in water as i struggle to pull the hose out the thing on the wall and the floor is now a puddle. in a last minute attempt to save myself from getting really fucked up i flipped the entire thing over into the sink and finally get it to stop. then i'm just standing there in a puddle, soaking wet and giggling at myself but also dreading the fact that now i have an extra mess to clean up. tldr: i fucked up by trying to teach myself how to use an eye wash station at work and created a huge mess....	11
hey anyone wanna chat college student/swimmer here! 21 m usa hey as the title said i'm a super bored college student and i'm on the swim team. i'm just looking to talk to anyone about anything feel free to message me anyone i don't discriminate! my interests are movies going on random adventures and exploring new places and dogs i love dogs haha also sleeping lol feel free to message me!	6
i'm simping hard for cartoons i stg i just want him to marryyy meeeeee	4
damn what a heated debate was it just me or was there a lot of sexual tension in the debate? i mean come on. the way they looked at each other, filled with pent up frustration. biden goes, "i've been lucky, and tonight i'm gonna get lucky..." trump was like, "with what " oh man and then they were like, "please let him finish" "he doesn't know how to do that" then trump was like licks lips "oh you bet i do" hrrrng oh my god dude i think im gonna fast paced clapping noises" i think... ouughh *cartoon sploosh oh shit my hot white schlaboinga is everywhere oh my god thinking of trumps fat asscheeks getting pounded by bidens thick hubba hubba audible orgasm oooh god wallace getting spitroasted hhhrrrrrrng squelches aahgh oh god aaagh spurts pitifully uh oh god... oh no my pungent, fertile man sauce is all over my curved 4k 144hz lg ultragear gaming monitor.	5
hello fellow virgins, welcome to the gang	0
telling my mom and sister i'm gay(im turkish) happy update hello! this morning i woke up to my mother crying and we had an argument. basically her point of view is the traditional turkish approach ; which is doing "dirty stuff" with men and having sex with them all the time. ( i don't what dirty stuff means, trust me) she said she still loves me and we will be like old days if i promise not to talk about my (non existing ehehe) sexual life. i promised that i would never do those dirty stuff (again, no idea what it means) and we hugged. everything is tge the same just like old times and i am so happy i know it's not the healthiest choice but at least a) she knows im gay b) i have my old mom back. i can always educate her in the future. thank you so much for the support really. thank you to everyone who has messaged me or sent a comment. tldr; my mom and i are happy again. she forgave me.	3
sangwoo makes me so horny i'd literally let him break my ancles	15
me on my way to comment on all kira's post u/kira-is-a-shinigami btw if you don't know who i'm talking about	15
why do i get the motivation to try watercolors now,it's 3 am then i say "yeah i'll try tomorrow" then get not motivated	7
putting a bandaid on my face ltl ftp etc. this situation started last sunday and is ongoing. so i'm a person who gets acne and one way i've found to help heal my popped zits is to put neosporin on a bandaid and wear it over the zit while i sleep. i've done this many times in the past with no issue. i also don't really have sensitive skin so i didn't think there would be any problems. on monday i woke up and peeled away the bandaid only to be faced with a ring of itchy bumps surrounding my (actually well healed) zit. i thought; oh well, dermatitis, it happens etc. slapped some ointment on and went to work. [9/19](<url>) tuesday it had stared to scab a bit, which is pretty normal during the healing process. it didn't look great though and i work in a salad shop where we work with customers while building their food, so having a giant wound on my face wouldn't be great. i found a hydrocolloid bandage and used that to cover it, thinking it would create a moot and clean healing environment. i was wrong. i took the hydrocolloid bandage off when i got home and the rash didn't look much different. i did notice that the gland on t he right side of my neck was sore and swollen and my neck muscles were aching. i managed to prop my head up to sleep comfortably and started a round of antibiotics i've been hoarding for a situation just like this. i just want to say that i know it a bad idea to use antibiotics outside of a doctors prescription. i recently moved across country and lost my health insurance and being a broke young adult i was willing to do anything to avoid shouldering a er/urgent care bill. [9/19](<url>) the antibiotics start working (i think) and my neck swelling goes down. i'm feeling much better aside from my face which is still sore and itchy. [9/20](<url>) saturday night i noticed the rash was still spreading. it was almost twice as big as it was at first and looked terrible. after a few near panic attacks about whether or not my face was going to fall off i decided to bite the bullet and go to urgent care on monday. [9/22](<url>) so this morning i went to the doctor and was diagnosed with impetigo, a type of staph infection. it's pretty contagious so obviously i can't work for a few days (i need that money to pay these drs bills). i was prescribed a new antibiotic and a steroid. i hope they work, since my doctors was surprised the antibiotics i had been taking should have cleared the rash up. so we'll see. [today, monday](<url>) i'm waiting until the rash starts to clear to worry about if/how badly this will scar my face tl:dr; used a bandaid to heal a zit, gave myself a staph infection	4
im about to have my final exam wish me luck guys	9
don't you just hate it when you make plans with your "friends" and then see them on snapchat maps without you 🏻	18
i just took a big fat dump, and life is good you know sometimes how you have to really go shit and you did? i mean it stinks but it felt so nice idk, it ain't much but sometimes taking a big dump makes me appreciate living...	18
my ass hairs are like hanging gardens of babylon . green due to fungi and ancient because i'm 56 y/o	0
so who else is working christmas eve and christmas day? i'm working the good ol 6am to 6pm both days. i just wanna open presents right now and have a big cup of coffee and bailey's	1
i'm so smooth me: hi girl: hi? me: wanna make a baby girl: yeah	17
help please i'm an introverted 14 year old from la living in **england** in a **boarding school** and i met a girl last week same age. we don't share similar interests, but she's really cute. she's in all of my lessons but we sit together in physics and english. i'm a nerd but not completely, she is also introverted but a bit more open. i don't want to be a jerk while approaching her after lessons that is why i turned to the trusted internet to help me . i never did anything like this and i always said to myself wait for valentine's day and then take a shot, but, it would too late to take the shot by valentine's. please tell me how to approach her without making it weird.	1
my (21f) struggles with infatuation and missing important signs. anyone else experience the same thing? hi guys. i'm a 21 year old woman and have been dating since i was 15. ever since my first relationship or taste of love i've totally jumped into relationships just to try and orchestrate the feeling of true love. it was especially bad in my late teens. i would find someone and be so into the idea of being with them and be completely obsessed that i would commit way too soon and find later that i actually did not spend any time learning about them in a non biased way and realized i had no idea who i was in a relationship with apart from how they made me feel. this led to me detaching abruptly once the infatuation went away and i was just as shocked as they were. it was almost like i was fabricating this ideal relationship without any true connection and they were experiencing it as real and true. which i'm sure led to so much pain for them and confusion. i wasn't heartbroken i was just more upset and hard on myself as i felt like i had let myself down again. almost like coming back to reality and being like how did i get here?!? now i'm 21 and single for the first time in a while. i've been single about 3 months and i sort of vowed to myself to be super loving to me and try to find what i've been seeking in myself. i've been going to therapy for 2 months and also have been experiencing platonic intimacy outside of committed relationships which has totally helped with my need for "true love" and a partner. i've realized that i had totally been seeing these men in a self seeking way. i only saw them as this ideal/expectation and not a whole person. which is totally selfish but i wasn't aware. i recently went on a date with this guy and i could feel myself idealizing after our first date. i didn't even know the guy and i wanted to see him every day and already was wondering if he was seeing anyone else. he wasn't texting me constantly so i assumed something was wrong with me which led me to want to control and find out what he thought of me. basically i over commit because i am so fucking terrified of being rejected and alone. i think i subconsciously jump in to things so i can feel a false sense of security and love. which totally makes me over look anything about them which i don't like. sorry about the rant but i hope this helps anyone in the same position i found myself in for years. here's to creating new patterns and behaviors in our lives tldr; creating false sense of security in strangers doesn't work. making progress on my intimacy and serial monogamist issues	3
i lost 9lbs and i can see some small progress now god i'm so glad because i've been trying to lose weight since forever can i have a "good job" please thank you <3	4
biden is not my president because i, am my president swag salad	0
how do i (24f) fix the damage caused to my reputation at the hands of so-called friends (all 21f)? just after some quick advice regarding how to respond in general to backbiting/slander that you hear about yourself. there have been just a couple of occasions throughout the past few years where people have misunderstood something i said/did and shared their wrong impression of me to others. also times when people have assumed things and shared them. and also times when people have made up outright lies and shared them. resulting in other people turning away from me and/or continuing to spread the backbiting and slander. if i defend myself it makes me look guilty. if i don't defend myself it makes me look guilty. if i tell them politely that i'm upset about what they've done to me, i get ignored or threatened. if i confront someone politely about their behaviour by telling them what they've done to me and that i forgive them and that i want to know why it's happened, i get gaslighted or called a liar, and told it's all my fault and that they're innocent. they don't allow me to defend myself, as if they're superior to me and know me better than i know myself, as if i don't have rights and they're in charge of what is said about me no matter what damage is done. as if they're committed to misunderstanding me, either out of refusal to be proven wrong or because they believe the wrong ideas with a passion or perhaps there's another motive. but it's all very strange. it's literally a never ending saga where no matter how kind i am to people and help them, people take my quietness and kindness for weakness and think they can do whatever they like to me. if i react i cop it harder. if i don't react they think they're in the right and i still cop it harder. what exasperates the issue further is that severe social anxiety is the reason for my quietness however it's extreme quietness that some people find offputting and weird. so basically it's easy to believe anything weird you hear about a weird looking person, because it's obviously true right?!! my reputation in the town i live in has been obliterated. god knows that i'm not the type of person that i have been portrayed as. i have done everything possible to try remedying the situation including been patient, apologising for things i've never done, tried keeping away from people, tried warming up to people, everything. i have treated those who hurt me with so much politeness and respect in the face of what they did to me and they continue to throttle my reputation. i don't know what to do. i've literally lost the battle and they've won. anything i can do until then to remove the emotional and mental agony that has evolved into feeling physically unwell at times as well? **tl;dr: how do i fix things when my reputation has been destroyed by people's tongues?**	11
white people dont shoot each other in the streets like black people :/ we do it in school. because we have class	0
what does my sister and i have in common? we both like touching my dick	15
this post is just me becoming self aware. i still can't get over this- also sorry for my crap story telling skills, i love writing but rn my brain just bleh so on friday on the bus to school, some kid (i only heard their voice) made a "if you ____ ur mom's a hoe" joke (i forgot what the joke was ) and so i like laughed right? and this 6th grader looks at me so genuinely fucking shocked, and says "did you just **laugh**." then maybe about a month ago on the bus this kid looked at me and was like "do you talk?" and i was like "mhm" and he was like "oh shit" then about three months ago when i was walking to my seat (again on the bus) this one dude in my grade was like "yeah coryn ready for friday??" and i didn't know how the hell to match this dude's energy so i just nod and continue to my seat and this one kid's like "i don't think she's very happy." in conclusion, i'm just now realizing that everyone at my school besides my friends probably think that i'm a depressed mute kid. .__.	2
thinkin bout how small my problems are compared to others'	15
i accidentally got the cheddar keebler cookies instead of the peanut butter ones i was so excited to eat them my entire way home. why did this have to happen	14
i just noticed i hit 50 followers. so if any one of my followers browses this sub, i have one question. why in the living **** would you follow a controversial and uninteresting brat such as i?	10
why cant we post images anymore? i get it now so please stop replying thank you	6
wtf why am i crying so often lately?!?! my birthday was just a few days ago and since then i've cried 3 times in the same week when i haven't cried in almost 2 years!! is there something wrong with me? should i be worried?	9
it's my brothers 20th bday hey guys. i think he browses this subreddit. he's down in southern cali right now (we live in northern cali) and i want to wish him a happy birthday. happy birthday noah! sometimes you're annoying but i love you a lot.	0
jah car in 41 minutes	2
transphobia ( and other hate ideologies ) make(s) no sense. like all these people use their time and energy to hate and try to actively dismantle people because of things they can't control. it's also so funny to me when these people love to cherry pick and misquote the bibe when they want to say gay people should be burned at the stake, but when they feel the need to justify their transphobia they are suddenly #teamscience and see it as their gospel (still with the same cherry picking and dis-proven sources). also, trans/homophobes: think of the children also trans/homophobes: \*sends children to conversion camps that permanently traumatizes and scars them for life\*	13
i'm returning to work after 5/6 years unemployed and just starting to feel anxious about it up until now i felt indifferent the first year or so being unemployed were awful after the third and fourth i learnt how to live in my delusions and occupy my mind with other things i've been in the same routine for years now and i'm not sure how i feel really. ofc i'm happy just the idea of me being employed feels alien to me i'm so used to witnessing others go through jobs whilst i'm stuck on the same chapter. i should add that during these years i went to uni and wasn't just sat at home on the dole although saying that my attendance became awful and i felt ashamed that i didn't have a job in the summer between academic breaks / home visits and holidays. in short in now a drop out but i'm not sad about it i always knew the course wasn't for me at the end of the day sure i loved the topic but i wasn't a good fit being so anxious withdrawn i never blossomed the way the other students did, i'm ok with that now and ready to start this new chapter. see i'm now about to be a sales assistant my sister with the same job at a different place is telling me i'm gonna hate it and i've had some stigma from a mate but i sorta saved it when i said it's a for now cheaper, i'm not sure how true that is as i have no real plan anymore i have goals sure just not a 5 year plan like my friend i know the people in the shop and i know it's a friendly environment so i am optimistic, i start on monday but only tonight did nerves kick in when i started watching a vid on going back to work , i knew it would be detrimental bc it would make me overthink or add more thoughts that i need to block out as an anxious person - if that makes even the slightest sense when i first dropped out my dad was rather harsh what hurt was knowing i didn't disagree but it took him to stop the mental abuse for nearly a month to gain the confidence to actually knock out a killer cv and focus on myself and what i can offer that's something i'd dodged doing for years. i'm proud of myself and so are others just getting out my jumbled thoughts. if you've read this far i won't even care if you comment with a thumbs up it's just nice knowing someone's read my post and i'm well aware how needy that seems lol	1
<url> saved a life today	16
19 y.o and 13 y.o sisters here willing to answer your rat ass questions we're really bored and i'm (19) feeling depressed about becoming ancient soon, so its question time	17
i'm gonna miss my friend gabe so much i just had to say goodbye to him tonight because his internet is being turned off till the end of the summer and we would text almost every night and a lot during the day. if we didn't live 500 miles apart from each other i would've asked him out but we don't live near each other. doing a long distance relationship wouldn't work out because he isn't supposed to be using the internet and my parents are hella strict when it comes to people i'm talking to. if you ever read this gabe just know that even though we'll forever be only just friends i still love you	4
i have a streak of 20 crew mate plays in row. still going strong. kinda pissed tho crew mate 20 time without stop . blake come on among us , i've won almost every game too like wtf	16
what are some songs that remind you of certain memories/stories? ex: i remember listening to "hard to love" by jessie reyes & calvin harris on repeat while mad swiping left on tinder or how "not afraid" by eminem was playing the background while i was getting my teeth pulled out.	1
is this flirting ? my 25f bf 30m sending heart emojis to coworker. my bf has a female coworker he will randomly text throughout the day. he'll remember to take photos of things she likes and sends it to her. he'll send her memes i send him to her. he'll give her weed if she needs it. one time i'll see him send her heart emojis and say 'i you' because they're friends. although he'll text her first in the day with emojis to initiate conversation and its weird because he does the exact same thing to me. i understand having female friends is healthy and natural but the thing is this guy will openly tell me he prefers to only have me as his close friend and doesn't talk closely with anyone unless he has too. what i find even more discomforting is the way he talks to her is exactly how he talks to me always reassuring and very sweet. honestly at this point i'm thinking he's starved for attention from this girl and i feel as if he's stringing her along as well. i'm not really at all fired up but what i don't understand is that he'll say i'm the only girl he likes to hang with and talk to but then talks to this girl almost everyday. do men who are in relationships do this all the time, should i leave while i still have the chance?	3
dweebs assemble! i kind of want to have a group of internet friends in a chat group or something. do you think it would even work? would we all get bored? should i discriminate? (no nickleback fans or something silly) my fellow dweebs, assemble!	9
hey guys guess what my mom understands that you can't pause an online game and helps me figure out a good time to fit the game into our schedule	0
i downvote my own posts because of my nonexistent self respect... we good	0
apparently, i'm "savory". a work friend of mine were talking about wine last night at work. she said she liked white, and i asked what kind. she said she didn't know because she didn't know anything about wine! i really appreciated that kind of honesty. i, then told her a story about how i discovered the different flavors and nuances of wine, and that she should try it out. years ago a friend (a restaurant manager) asked me the same question, "what kind of wine do you like?". i admitted that i couldn't tell the difference. so, he took us to buy 4 or 5 different varieties of wine (syrah, cab sauv, merlot, etc). we put paper bags over each one and tasted each one. my eyes were opened! i told her this story and let her know how they were all reds, and i'm a "red kind of guy". she told me that she could tell, because i'm "savory". whatever she meant, it gave be manly confidence to be told i'm savory!	6
i snapchatted a girl who has a crush on me "we should hangout sometime" and she said haha maybe. wtf? should i snap back and ask "what does maybe mean "	1
well boys i did it i have a gf sike	4
how do i cope with being the only nazi in my friend group? my general group of friends is over 50% black and probably half of the rest are also nonwhite. plus, i myself am mixed. it's tough being a nazi in 2020	4
i wasn't allowed to cry for 3 years and i forogt how to please help i want to cry again	0
dad going on his daily rant about democrats dude i just wanna watch lion king talk about it later i'm 14 idc about politics	4
overcame my anxiety about driving today positive moment i turned 24 recently, and up until a year ago, i hadn't had a license. never wanted one due to worries about being on the road. even after getting a license, and buying a car, i just couldn't bring myself to ride around, so my mother continued taking me to work. but my mother is in the hospital and i was so close to calling in sick today. my sister reminded me about all the insecurities within me about people looking down on a 24-year-old who can't drive (which is why i got my license). so in a way, one anxiety helped me overcome another anxiety. but my gosh, i haven't felt this alive, this useless, this human in all of my life. while the anxiety i have about driving is still there, it's nice to know that i can actually do it.	8
i need help w an outfit okay so i'm going to a concert in a few weeks and i don't know what to wear, can anybody help me out? okay so it's almost the end of summer, converse are a must and so is comfort. any suggestions?? i'm a 17f btw	1
i'm about to have a tantrum (joking but no really) i applied for a credit card with chase in the 21st and the lady was gonna call to do her magic and get me approved like right then and there but they had closed because it was already 5 something. it's the 25th and ughhhh still nothing like i know it's gonna be approved but holy shit why they taking their sweet ass time?	7
did they find out that im a pedo? i woke up to that red sign on my profile. tell me what that is pls, im scared. . . . filler ig	5
some said that they hate me today. jokes on them, i hate myself more	0
english for you: fat chance, and slim chance mean the same thing does that mean fat and slim are also the same??	10
when you wanna shitpost but your post aint long enough	2
to my fellow single peeps! you're gorgeous!! i love you all!!	3
just going to sleep. have a great night, whoever you are!	19
who here pees at the side of the bowl to avoid waking up your parents? this post was dedicated to men (srry girls) i've been midnight gaming recently because of stress and i always pee on the side of the toilet bowl to avoid waking my parents up. who else does this	12
does he (m30) love himself more than he loves me(f29)? tl;dr my boyfriend says he loves me so so much but doesnt treat me like he should if he really loves me i think. about us: 2008- met in high school. hooked up for 6 months before i moved to another city. 2011- slept with eachother again. summer vacation from college. 2017- february. started conversations on facebook. april 2017- slept with eachother again. but this time he had gotten himself a girlfriend (f29). he said she doesnt treat him well, and that they argue often. anyway, i was a bitch and slept with. they broke up december 2017. in 2018 we ended up like fwb. he found another girl in april i think. so he had two fwbs. i said go for it, get over your ex-girlfriend, you need this. he dumped her in june 2018. he didnt have other girls than us two and always said he wants to be poly. but from july 1018 i think we have seen eachother every day. i asked him "what happened with the poly-thing? he said he was unhappy earlier, and that now he only wants me. in september, we traveled to spain for 1 week and moved in with eachother a week later. he wanted me to meet his family. now, he says he loves me every day. and "marry me"- when he is super happy. he has introduced me to all his friends. he hugs me snd touch me. and he talks to me about our future. also: on his phone when he doesnt do the things above. always on his phone working or playing chess or chatting with his friends (from all over this kontinent" but!! why does he treat me like this: his ego. he wants to make himself happy more than he wants me to be happy. he never listen to me when i want to choose movies or tv-series. doesnt want to listen when i talk about how my day at work was because i work with so heavy and depressing stuff (refugees). if he could choose between eating risotto with sticks or fork, he would chose sticks because of the minimal effort. this is something he swears by, minimal effort, and he is "proud of it". i told him this and he knows it. and also, he has a weird humour. like, he manipulates or ignore or tease. his friends laugh when hes "funny" but i've said his humour sometimes hurt me. why does he act like this and also says he loves me so so much?! thanks	3
teenager is not so bad? being a teenager is not so bad they say i guess they don't remember them	11
a message to all guys us girls love you and appreciate you, don't let anyone tell you otherwise if anyone at all needs to talk, please feel free to start a chat with me	3
i really love my husband :) just having a happy thought. i feel like i am so lucky to have met my match. he understands me and we are almost always on the same wavelength. sometimes we see something and think the same thought and blurt out the same phrase. it's just funny how we are kinda like one person. and we have a ton of random inside jokes. no one gets us like we get each other. he is so funny/corny/cheesy/nerdy, he always makes me smile and laugh. he's also just really smart and nerdy, which i think is such an adorable characteristic. i just feel so grateful. i honestly don't know what i would do without him. i think that's what love is. :d we have a baby on the way and we are so excited to go on this new adventure together. anyone else have a special someone and feel the same connection with them? would love to hear some stories or positive vibes.	6
in need of guidance--tough decision that needs to be made today. im a senior in college and for my last semester i may be studying abroad in china. i say "may" because i have until the 15th to decide (in 2 days). i am suppose to be buying my ticket tonight and i can't help but feel.. conflicted. im 23 years old and im engaged to an amazing supportive man(24). we've been together for almost 6 years (this december). we've known one another since we were teenagers via online. when i turned 18 i flew to meet him and his family. in all honestly our relationship has literally been a fairytale. i met his family and they are all wonderful. he has met mine and they absolutely adore him. we moved out together and have been living together for about 2 years while i finish up college and he works full time. that's my current situation. i have always loved to travel. i loved visiting mexico when i was younger. i loved long car rides and train rides. i like visiting different states. my fiance has encouraged this. we travel a lot together within the states. for our honey moon we want to go visit another country like germany or japan. i became interested in studying abroad during a fair my college was hosting. i was instantly sold. i had always wanted to study in another place, specifically in the east. over the past 5 months i have been prepping like getting my passport, attending orientation, finding out info about my college abroad etc. my fiance was never against it, but i could tell there were some hesitation ofc. there was always this idea, "well if things don't work out i have until the 15 of november to withdraw from the program" well, that's in two days. my fiance and i have recently gotten into an arguement about independence. i feel like he forgets i'm independent, that i am my own person, that i don't need him to protect me and shield me from all the evils of the world . he understands that now but.. i feel guilty. when i first shared the news with his family, the first thing his sister said was, "well what about him?" and i asked, "what do you mean?" and she said "you're just going to leave him?" it hit me hard. the feminist in me was like, uh yeah. but there's a part of me now that i'm feeling that's like, "well wait a minute..." can i just leave him? it's only 4 months and way back in our relationship we did long distance (we met online for goodness sakes). i started to convince myself, we can do this! we did this before and we will get thru it. it'll be ok! he told me that he didn't want me to leave a few weeks ago. he said he's been thinking about how different it'll be when i'm gone. in other words, he's going to miss me. he knows that it's selfish of him to say that but he wanted to tell me. as far as money goes, he has drilled into my brain that he will be sending money every month to support me. i told him not to! that if i need money i'll talk to him but don't send me money every month! it's just so frustrating i don't want to be seen as the fiance who takes advantage of their partner to him or his family. half of me is really pissed off while the other is sympathetic towards him. i'm torn. i don't know what to do. i don't know how to handle this and i don't have anyone i could talk to. i'm scared that he will resent me for it. i've told him this and he reassured me that he won't but "jokingly" he'll say things like "don't go" or "i'll miss you, stay" whenever i bring it up. there are other worrisome factors like, since i'm graduating i won't be able to walk across stage since i'll be in china, and i don't know anyone in this program, and that it is 4 months is concerning but not as prominent as my other issue. any kind words of advice or wisdom would be really appreciated.	2
guess what guys my dad was named "heartthrob king" at his prom (idk, it was the 80s ig) when he was a teenager and everyone says i look like him. i am a total heartthrob he also still has the trophy in the garage	0
rental cars as a kid as a kid i used to get so excited when i would go with my parents to get a rental car. i always imagined getting such a cool car only to leave with a ford fusion ...anyone else?	1
i just found one of my christmas presents by accident i didnt mean to i was just looking for batteries, sorry mom and dad.	5
shine today i heard the news that one of my old classmates died to euthanasia. we were not in touch anymore, but it's hard to hear someone at the age of 20 had to decide these things already. how is one even brave enough to decide this? i can only deeply show my respect and i hope you're pain has ended. may you be the brightest star tonight and every night yet to come.	3
does my friend (20,m) like me (19,f)? i don't know what to think from his mixed signals so this guy (20,m) and i (20,f) have been friends and in study groups/ classes together for about a year now and we've recently started snap chatting/texting about stuff that isn't school related and we've been getting closer. our friend recently had her 21st and him and i carpooled together since we both had to leave before the bars became 21+ only. anyway afterward he asked if i wanted to hang out at his place,we went over and laid in his bed and watched netflix,and he would inch closer but would all the sudden pull away from me. then his roomates came home from the bars half way through the movie and we hung out with them. he opened up to me about a (personal) secret that night when we were alone but as soon as his friends came he hung out with them i was still engaged in the conversation but it was different. he text me "i don't know what happened" and i shrugged and said it was okay. a couple hours later he walked me out and he walked all the way to my car and then before i could turn around to say bye he was walking saying he'd see me later. when i got home i text him "if you ever want someone to hang with i had fun not watching netflix alone " and he responded "yea i'm real sorry. i kinda fucked up all across the board tonight. next time i'll have to try a bit harder" what does that text mean? and does it sound he likes me? i don't know what to think from his mixed signals tl,dr: he sent mixed signals and didn't make any advances. i text and said i had fun watching netflix with him and he said "yea i'm real sorry. i kinda fucked up all across the board tonight. next time i'll have to try a bit harder" what does that text mean and does he wish he would've made a move?	1
i work the graveyard and there is construction outside my apartment window at 9 a.m.. i can feel the jack hammering under my pillow. help. edit: 8am, not 9am. also, apologies for weird typos i tyy-redd. picture this, it's 8am and it's saturday morning in a remote and beautiful oceanside community in california, a place where californians would refer to as "the bay area". i don't live in a metropolitan area though, and for the most part the city is quite charming and a bit removed from the rest of the world. you just finished up at work around 6am, eat a huge meal for what would be breakfast for everyone else and you finally get to bed around 7:30am... and awake to the sound of steal railing being sawed right outside your bedroom at **8 am** on a **saturday.** well, the problem is that i live in a apartment complex (within a residential community) that happens to share a street corner with a few industrial business offices. unfortunately the office space right across the street from me, and we're talking 20 yards from me bedroom, is in an endless process of upgrades on their roadside. there's some. sort of a dual leveled staircase attached to the exterior of their southern wall that they've been modifying for quite a while, and now there working on jack hammering concrete/cement in the same area for some reason. like i aid in the title, i work the graveyard seasonally and it just so happens that last night i got finished up with a job and got home around 7am, only to wake up to the sound of a skill saw taken to steel bars and later, a mother fucking jack hammer to the shared earth of my apartments very foundation. admittedly, i reached a point of irritation that took me over to the office to speak to whoever was on charge. i know construction, i've been around a lot of family who've been involved in either commercial renovations and even residential renovations, so my first question is **who is in charge and where are the permits.** well, the (only) guy i could find on the premise was an employee for one of the tenants, a roofing company and he explained that the contlstruction was being contracted out by the owner of the building and that i was to be assured that all of the noise was authorized and permitted, and if i had an issue i could "take it up with the city". im thinking to myself, "someone in this city has authorized the use of a jack hammer outside the homes of a residential community, at 8am on a saturday for construction not affiliated with the city?" "what kind of a person would do such a thing?..." *cries on the inside* well, the reason im here sharing all this is, 1. i'm bloody frustrated and bloody tired and have no where else i know i to share this story. 2. was really wondering if anyone here knew where else i could go or what else i could do from here to try to dispute this situation/noise. i mean, do i have any authority or basic rights as a citizen, or am i completely powerless without taking legal action behind a lawyer (which is a point of escalation im unwilling to reach lol) i don't have any connections with the community through my job or socially, so i would likely have to just start making calls only to find out there's nothing that can be done, but i want to at least try. this has actually been going off and on for a sleuthing 5/6 months iirc, and i can't believe how disrespectful it is. the absolute loudest activities always start first thing in the morning whether it be hammering, sawing, jack hammering or construction vehicles literally parked momentarily in reverse on the side of the road with their "beep, beep, beep" cautionary tone. anyways... that's it i guess. i feel a bit better sharing all that. ive been considering moving but i can't just yet due to some other obligations, so i'm really wondering what i can do about this, like i mentioned. does anyone here have any experience with things like this, and any tips on what to do that's preferrrrprably non-violent *i guess* (s/ kind of). i did manage to get the number of the contractor in charge of the job, so that could help maybe. it's almost 10:30 am now, so i should probably try to sleep despite the jackhammer i can still hear, but i do feel much better now. thanks if you got to read this, wish me good luck and maybe even a good dream or two!	18
anybody wanna play skylanders pvp? i'll let you be hot dog	17
ayo god you there? why tf ain't i happy yet	4
anybody else hate the new messenger update for iphone? i just got it, and may i say: holy shit it is terrible. the previous version was 100 times better! it is so bad looking and complicated to use! also, why is there a "discover"? why on earth would i want to "discover" new people and companies to message? in my opinion this is a step back	16
*looks at karma* hell yeah boys	0
im moving from windows 10 to ubuntu goodbye windows, hello ubuntu	0
imma build a simp army you wanna join? uwu ______________________________	5
aha dont be sad you're so pretty there's no punchline, show me them tiddies	5
ok so i saw this man i 24f, was walking around the art district in fort lauderdale with two friends. twas after a couple drinks and puffs. mellow mood. this man in a cowboy hat and cowboy boots walked passed me and damn we had this eye moment. i turned around and he was already staring back at me. then after at least half an hour or more, walking to different bars, i saw him again sitting in a curb, and had another intense eye staring shit going on. i can't stop thinking about it. it felt like a movie besides for no ending to it	1
my cat is so funny i took a pic of her with the flash on and she deadass tried to catch the flash lmao	1
everyone talking about bell delphine but everyone forgot the wholesome hit or miss gal.	2
your boi just swiped a girl's number shout out to u/chickenstripsss69 for being a good sport lmao	0
what if we.... cuddled on my minecraft bed	5
someone got into a club meeting at my school and started saying a bunch of racist shit in the chat. so that was pretty dope. the only question now is... which one of you was it?	17
my (20f) boyfriend (25m) makes me feel like i'm going crazy! i'm so frustrated... my boyfriend is the most wonderful man ever when we're good, he's like prince charming and will do anything and everything for me and goes to the end of the earth for me. i've never been treated so good before but when we argue he becomes the biggest douche ever and it drives me crazy he always tries turning everything around on me to make it seem like my fault, constantly brings up stuff from the past, calls me crazy and psycho for calling him out on his shit which in return makes me feel like it's really my fault. whenever i start crying out of frustration he just stands there rolling his eyes and says it's annoying when i cry and that i'm too sensitive.. when i tell him all i need is comfort when i'm upset all he does is hug me and then says, "k are u done crying? i'm not dealing with this anymore" without actually talking things out properly with me. but when it's the other way around and he's upset and i don't comfort him back because of him never doing it for me, he gets depressed and tries to make me feel like a piece of shit so i feel like there's a huge double standard here.. so in return , i always end up cuddling him and telling him how much i love him when he's sad even tho i never get that back when i'm sad. it's so frustrating !!!! every fight ends with me crying now cus i cant stand how little he acts like he cares during arguments. i just need advice or help with how to deal with this or what i can say to him cause i don't plan on ending the relationship. also, we've been dating 7 months & live together. tl;dr: bf is the most amazing bf when we're good but turns in to douche while arguing and always makes it seem like my fault. need advice with what to do or how to handle situation next time.	4
i hate u but i still love u u make me cry, u put me through so so much & i don't know if i can keep going you're all i have at this point and i want to tell u i love u but would u even say the same anymore	3
how do i make people give me awards? i've been in hot several times but never got an award... i dont want to sound rude or something... but i'd like to get an award or something.	6
if a man jumped on your back.. would you get him off?	1
all these losers experiencing 4th of july i've got that pst swag	0
something super embarrassing i made the mistake of going on reddit during lunch last year and my friend saw the reddit icon on my phone last time i'm making that mistake. why the fuck am i on here	18
taking out the entire block's electricity this did not happen today, this is about a week ago, where my cousin and i, after a long day of lazing about doing nothing, decided to take showers late in the evening. now, i can not stand cold water. cold water and i get along just about the same as a sane person and a furby... absolute horror in both scenarios. so i turned on the water heater. unbeknownst to me, so did my cousin, who usually prefers cold showers. next thing we know, the whole house turns dark. so we go out and check whether the whole building blacked out. but no, it was just our apartment floor. my cousin and i call our uncle and hazard a guess that it /might/ have been our water heaters that tripped the circuit; so between cursing stupid girls and raging against his gene pool, he calls the electrician over. the electrician fixes everything, lights come back on and we're two relieved girls dancing around in bathrobes. except, i couldn't let the idea go that it might've been us. so i asked my cousin if we could... maybe check? like a science experiment! so we both go over to the bathrooms and switch on the water heaters simultaneously. of course, the lights go out. so we laugh and go out to call the electrician back... except the streetlamps aren't on either. none of the apartment buildings in the block have electricity. the buildings in the area are quite old, and apparently this is possible. i have no idea how. the electrician looked ready to quit his job, and we were seriously rethinking our hypothesis-testing skills... my uncle's rage quit was kind of impressive though. tl;dr figured out we were possibly the cause of a small circuit trip, decided to confirm this hypothesis by doing the same thing again and took down the entire block's electricity.	1
try to solve this if i borrow ps50 off my mum, ps50 off my dad, that's ps100, i buy a shirt for ps97, i have ps3 change, i give ps1 to my mum, ps1 to my dad, and keep ps1, i owe my mum ps49, and my dad ps49, together that's ps98, plus the ps1 i kept is ps99, where's the other ps1?	10
does anyone else get downvoted a lot for no reason? especially comments? guys i don't know what to do, it might destroy my karma... it's only starting to happen now...	4
my favorite person of all time is u/dababyscorpse, for obvious reasons i'm about to bust	17
i think people who don't use emojis seem so bitchy when texting i mean when there's only a punctuation used, it just seems they're bored or something. for example: "remember that one time when that one thing happened? it was so funny!" "yes, i do." okay... was it not funny or what's going on here? see what i mean? instead of "yes, i do " we can see the other person thought it was funny too!	1
not again i got teamed up with someone in a lab. so what that means is we we work on the lab doing sciency stuff and in a week or so we have to give in a lab report so far i've been doing all the work . he's not a slacker, he's actually a good kid but he ain't helping me on this lab report. he left me on read today (again) i have a math test, history test and i have to write some weird article, somi just can't be able to finish *all* this lab report stuff lol what should i do?	2
i actually sort by rising yeah, it does hurt to be this cool	0
is there any witches here? i need a spell that can help me focus	2
a question for all of you if a girl posts a lot of beach pics on her instagram and then posts a sports bra pic with "sb with a we should" does that allow her to be mad about dm's requesting for nudes? i recently encountered a person like this and they didn't find that they should be receiving these. she posted a gallery with all of the dm's with "this gender has so much class " what are your guy's opinions on this?	11
is it just me or.... am i the only one who instantly ejaculates at the sight of a 2021 bmw 540i with the m sport and extended shadowline package	15
guys guess what im a male redditor. let the orange houses roll in bois	8
almost going into anaphylactic shock so this just happened about an hour and a half ago... allow me to preface this by saying that i am at least a little bit allergic to every nut there is. my worst allergy, however, is peanuts. my dad usually takes all peanut/tree nut products to work with him so i don't get sick. today, however, was different. i woke up at 6:45 this morning, completely exhausted because i went to see billy joel last night. i went down to the basement to grab an energy bar from the pantry, not bothering to read the label. i could've sworn it was a chocolate chip clif bar. i returned to the kitchen, sat down at the table and tore into my breakfast. i noticed there were no chocolate chips in the energy bar, but decided to eat it anyway. about five seconds into my first bite, i noticed something was off. didn't taste like chocolate. finally read the label of the energy bar, and to my horror... **crunchy. peanut. butter.** *holy shit.* all of a sudden, being the raging hypochondriac i am, i convinced myself that my throat was closing up. i quickly grabbed two benadryl from the medicine cabinet and retrieved my epi-pen just in case. thankfully, the extent of the reaction was a runny nose and itchy eyes. i've never had to use my epi-pen, so i'm glad today wasn't the day my streak would end. thank goodness. i was supposed to take a test today, but i'm glad i get to stay home and have the weekend to study. will keep y'all posted if something happens. tl;dr: ate a peanut butter energy bar and almost went into shock the day i was supposed to take a test. i get the weekend to study since i'm staying home	6
guys, i have 87 reddit followers thats more than i have on instagram epic	0
i am perfectly fine but it could be better step bro	17
i want a boy to cuddle when will i find a cute gay boy here smh	2
should have named my account horse because i sure am hung like one am i funny yet	0
anyone have any embarrassing job interview experiences so i feel a lil bit better about myself thanks ! ooof i'm 16 and i totally messed up my second job interview on the phone they called me when i was in the gym . i really needed a job so i answered when i was out of breath and went outside then they did a quick job interview on the phone and i totally blankeddddd lmaoo yep yep yep yep yep. share your embarrassing job interview experiences so we can all cringe together	8
i ain't like other girls because i have schizophrenia	0
when people say they need to talk to me or they forgotten to tell me something i panic on the inside like what do they want to tell me???? is it a good news or bad news?	4
any girls wanna be my gf? i once killed an enderman in survival mode with my bare hands without dieing	0
anyone from portland, or/vancouver, wa that wants to hang out sometime? i want this summer to be very epic and would like to make some new friends so please hit me up gamers	0
god i need estrogen so bad i wish there was an easy way to get some :(	15
so my friend called me a soft marshmallow i get that i am sensitive and a soft boi but like... *dont say it like that* filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	14
i'm really bored. somebody please talk to me. i'm vacationing in australia right now, & it's 10:52 pm. all my friends in the states are asleep, so i've nobody. dm or reply here, i've no preference. thanks!	6
17m from manchester uk looking for a friendship or more preferably relationship [m4f] so hey i'm jack, i'm 17 and from the uk. i'm currently a student which i guess is alright. it's pretty fun and i guess the lifestyle is very cool. i guess i'm not the most social person but yeah i like to be out doing stuff like i love going to the cinema or going to festivals or concerts or stuff. it's just so fun honestly and i just like the experience of stuff really. i really love traveling, i find it so awesome. i've been to places like dubai and new york which were honestly so awesome. like just exploring places and different cultures are so cool. my favourite food is salt and pepper chicken. i find it so so good and delicious and i think i could just eat it for days. i've not had it for a while now so yeah, sad but yeah i'm surviving and finding it alright. my biggest hobby is definitely playing the guitar. i started playing like 7-8 years ago and i just find it so fun honestly. i enjoy playing stuff on there like kasabian, oasis and franz ferdinand and it's really fun. i guess i'm looking for a good quality friendship or relationship of someone who wants to get to know me and see where we end up. i guess i want someone who i feel i want to dedicate myself to with my time and do stuff with like buy gifts for or maybe if we live close we could meet up and go out and do stuff, i'm not sure exactly what but i'm sure we'd figure. i guess more relationship wise i want someone i can look after and go out to work for and come home to. bring nice things home for you like flowers or little gifts i know you'll like and just be there for you and do stuff for you. i guess it's like the friendship one but with an additional side obviously. i've been called caring and understanding and described as husband material and i really want someone i can look after. like who i can play the guitar for or learn songs for on it or take out to restaurants and the cinema and just anything. someone who's face i can put a smile on and make laugh, who just feels completely themselves with me and i could just do everything for and make the happiest woman in the world. that's really what i want but yeah. anyway thank you for reading and i really hope we're talking soon and find out where we end up together.	14
while at a doctors/clinic tifu badly! back story, i'm on a clinical trial for a medical treatment which involves the taking of blood every month, receiving a couple of injections every month and having a through medical including an ecg every 3 months. today was my 3mth medical which includes fasting. i've been on the trial for a little over 2yrs. today, i turned up for my appointment which was scheduled at almost lunchtime which meant that i was already a little bit light headed (been fasting since 7pm the night before) and started to go through the process of being checked out. today the nurse and trial doctor (both females) were in a particular joking mood which made stripping down to my jocks a little less uncomfortable. after going through all the necessary medical checks (don't forget this is a medical trial) it was time for me to get up on the table for the ecg. once all the sticky sensor pads are put on my legs/wrists/and chest the nurse drops all the cords on my stomach to start sorting out what went where, and the leads seemed to all be dragged over my crotch. when everything was attached, the nurse then plugged it all into the main monitor/box and dropped it all onto mr wobbly. then she stood there using my leg like a bar leaner and chatted to the doctor. meanwhile i have to lie there perfectly still for a positive reading still feeling lightheaded. then something funny was said the nurse laughed and i will swear to the day i die ... her hand brushed my inner thigh. cue mr wobbly to pop up and have a look around ... bastard!! the ecg slid off my crotch and the nurse managed to catch it before it hit the floor. it completed its scan and while they uploaded my results i got my jabs and was allowed to get dressed in silence. everything was fine and we made a date and time for my next appointment. as i left and walked out i closed the door but through the walls i heard the doctor say to the nurse "at least we can rule out impotence as a side affect". and with the laughter still ringing in my ears i slunk out. tl; dr went to see a female doctor and nurse. cracked a fat one in front of them. despite what you see on reddit/pornvids we did not get it on	4
did anyone else have a very short dating period before getting married? just asking out of curiosity. see, me and my wife got engaged after dating for three months ...which, probably isn't a very good idea lol. obviously i love my wife, and don't regret marrying her. but, if anyone came up to me and was like, i'm marrying this person after only dating them for three months i'd be like "whoa! slow down!". guess that makes me sort of hypocrite but oh well so..anyone else? very short dating period?	9
stuck in the line for the canadian border we've been here for like 2 hours and i already did all my math work and napped lmfao now what? im losing my mind slowly but surely gang g a n g	2
i've came out to my parents! and the police, i've been barricaded in my house for hours on end in a standoff. off to prison now! edit: later virgins!	0
