i feel that 4k screens make the video look fake. anybody feels the same way? to clarify....for most of my life, i've watched sd video (480p) on hd or fhd screens. i very rarely watched videos in 1080p or even in 4k due to higher file size and slower internet speeds. whenever i watch fhd or 4k content on 4k tv, i really think the video is too clear, and therefore it looks fake. haha ..... the details are so clear... it's *terrifyingly* clear. i can spot dust particles, wrinkles, etc.	😅
so j went to the barber to get a haircut and i tild him to just give me alittle t rim and he practically shaved off my head and the only reason i didn't run out of the shop without paying him is because there was also a police officer whid come in for a haircut ye s i know i'm petty thats why i chose this username. ok bye i'm gonna go cri now. note: no i am not gonna fux any on the typos	❤️
i love getting catcalled it's so cute to hear the meowing on the phone this was so bad i apologize	😳
i (16f) thought i wanted to be in a relationship soooo first of all i'm 16 this year so i'm a literal child compared to everyone else i see posting here so i feel a bit embarassed posting this. be prepared to roll your eyes lol but anyway i've never been in a relationship before which isn't that weird considering my age, but i've always kinda wanted to be in a relationship. with someone i really like of course, i wouldn't go out of my way to get into one. i've had a massive crush on one of my guy best friends for like 9 or 10 months of something, and his best friend whos dating my friend told her that he liked me but neither of them knew i liked him too til a while ago. i'm guessing my crush found out i liked him as well coz now he's talking to me more and asking me how my day is and we even hung out just the two of us, and at first i was like 'yayyyy' (lmao cringe) but now as time goes on i'm like 'holy shit this is actually happening like he actually likes me????' . i can't beleive it's happening like... i could get into a relationship soon. anyway....... here's the thing. it's hard to explain because i'm really happy that he likes me and i like talking to him..... but the thought of being in a relationship makes me... almost... feel sick in the pit of my stomach? i get this weird empty sick feeling and i don't understand why i feel this way coz just a few days ago i was probably sitting on the couch daydreaming about being in a relationship with him and even thinking about what it would be like kissing him so can anyone tell me what's wrong with me? does this mean i'm not ready for a relationship? i thought i was but when shit became real i freaked out. or is this normal? i guess i'm only 16 (actually not even 16 yet, in a few months) so i have ages to wait til i'm ready for a proper relationship. but it just feels like such a loss i guess coz i really like him. i just don't understand why i feel so sick at the thought of dating. i wish i could be one of those people who can easily date people like my friends are coz it would be nice to be able to do that. tldr: the thought of being in a relationship makes me feel sick even tho i like the guy a lot	😂
dang well guess im a weeb now it all started with the promised neverland and now i can't stop. not complaining tho cause anime is rad asf. anyways time to go simp for satoru :))))))	😐
so basically >gets motivational >fuck it i'll do it tommorow >sleep >why didn't i die in my sleep, looses motivation	😔
i still have a n-word pass left but i won't use it cause its racist racism bad, minecraft good but virginity is even better. stay in school kids	😤
anybody wanna talk? i do be getting lonely and sad tho. 15m. come over and listen too joji with me?	😳
do you ever feel like you have too many friends? lately i've been getting a lot of attention from people. i've been talking to new people (well, more like more people are talking to me), and asa result their friends have been talking to me, so on and so forth. i've basically become a meme, but in the actual sense of the word, not like image macros or ytp's. i've been getting approached by a fair handful of people every day, most of them being the same regular people, but also some new ones. i've been having a hard time keeping track of names and faces, and while i appreciate the attention, it's getting to be a bit much for me. i've always been a bit of a loner, if i may, so maybe i'm making this bigger than it needs to be. sorry if i'm using you guys to vent anyway, what's been going on in your lives lately?	😅
announcement everybody i did not get the cheese bread i just got a pizza for $10 & saved like a million dollars my willpower ..... so strong ....	😏
i never pull out i've never had sex but the facts remain.	😎
when i see posts about "no friends, depression etc" it makes me sad. i wish i could take you all in (granted you're at least close if not are 20 y/o) and help you out/be a friend i say london also as it helps to make the conversation a little easier, mostly because of time zone issues. the location for me is less an issue granted you're in my age group of 18-22. us guys and girls (18-22) should stick together united. not feeling shitty, depressed and alone. i hope i'm not the only one who thinks this all the time? i'm not perfect myself and i guess the problem with a thread like this is giving false hope. by that i mean being able to talk to one person at a time whilst juggling my life but please feel free to message me granted you're 18-22. london is a big bonus .	👍
first post on here :) so i can finally post on here and yeah that's about it, but if your reading this your amazing and have a great day	😊
reddit story walking down the street, not in my 64. about to enter convenience store when the hot cashier touches the handle. i then touch the handle, meaning i held hands with a girl, later virgin gays	😎
how do i tell my mom the reason i sleep until 3pm is because i don't want to be awake sad girl hours be all the time now huh	😭
if all my friends were jumping off a bridge it would be my idea	😎
i finally graduated from college and will go to japan and taiwan next month for 4 weeks :) hello cc, i finally graduated from college and got my degree. i dropped out and worked for full time for year. however, i wasn't satisfied with my current situation and realized i needed to go to college to get a degree. i finally got my degree after 4.5 years and will travel to japan and taiwan next month. i don't have told anyone about this, but i am really happy with for first time in a long time. i had bad grades and self esteem issues through out college and wanted to quit again but i decided to push on. after a lot of struggle i finally finished it and i am more positive what the future brings. also excited about japan and taiwan obviously	😁
daughter 1: i'm gay. daughter 2: me too. daughter 1: i'm gay dad: ok. daughter 2: me too. dad: does anyone here like boys? son: what about mom? dad:	😔
let's appreciate the b o y s as a girl, the boys here r either the most softest boyz ever or they're creeps. there's no in between. but to the softies , thank u	😎
saying 'ur mom' is so funny lmaooo got the whole squad laughing #sheahah hhahesh	😐
really exciting things are happening for me and i don't really know where else to talk about how happy it makes me the last year had been really hectic for me and i hit a new low in terms of my mental health. but i recently moved back to a city where i've got a community that i love! i've been struggling a bit since i moved but i'm finally in a really good place, and it feels incredible. i don't really know who else to talk to about this (most of my friends are probably over me gushing about it) but i'm really proud of how far i've come and super thankful for all of the opportunities that have come my way. there's been an amazing group of people who've gone out of their way to look out for me and i'm not quite sure what i even did to deserve it. anyway, i didn't really know where else to post this or talk about it, but it feels really good to be this happy and to know that i won't have to worry about rent or paying for groceries anymore! hope that everyone gets to experience at least a little bit of that feeling today	😊
i'm gay and i like younger guys. and i was thinking if i wanted to adopt when i'm 21+, imagine my boyfriend is an 18 year old twink which usually look younger than their age. and then the kid i adopt is 16 and looks older than my boyfriend lmaoo and i wouldn't adopt a little kid because i don't feel like i'm suitable to take care of a kid 100% of the day and raise him that initial part of their life. that situation is completely possible tho i've seen 14 year olds who are hairy and 6'3 ft tall and facial hair	😭
i'm going back to sleep but... if you're down to talk in an hour or so lmk i'll respond when i awaken p.s. this will probably get lost between all these lockscreen posts lol	😂
using life pro tips (lpt) i got from reddit to make myself appear smartly work. someone apparently recognized my redditing, and ratted me out as a geek. now i'm the super awkward kward kid.	😤
shout out to everyone who used to get asked out/complemented as a prank or a dare and now have issues with trusting the sincerity of a persons kindness and or interest in you	😎
yeah sex is great... later virgins	😎
dropping a medicine ball on my head this morning i went to my group workout as i usually do most morinings. as part of the planned workout designed by the coach, we each had to get into groups of four. one of the stations is called a burpee slam ball. you take a 30lb medicine ball, raise it above your head and slam it into the ground as hard as you can. this medicine ball is basically like a rubber bag that you then filled with sand so it doesn't bounce away. then once you do that, you do a burpee which is going into a squat, into a push up, back into a squatted position and then jump straight up, but all really fast and fluid. my partner had the great idea of modifying it so that instead of slamming the heavy ass ball, we should throw it as high as we can and try to do the burpee before the ball hits the ground. of course he makes it look so easy, so what the heck i'll do it. i throw it up, thinking i threw it far enough up and away from me. i go to do the burpee and next thing i know my whole face is slammed into the mat. yes...i threw a 30lb weight above my head and it came directly down on the back of my head. it felt like ronda rousey took a dump on my head, it was so heavy. but that's not all, oh no. the mat that we work out on has a texture to it. the pattern is like honeycomb or waffle like. so because of the 30lb+force of gravity my forehead now has a honey comb pattern stamped into it and probably won't go away for a few days. of course all my partners are all losing their minds, and granted i would laugh too. i may or may not have a concussion, but i feel ok. every dumbass meathead in my group is all like "suck it up waffle face" haha....good one guys tl;dr - i messed up an exercise and dropped a medicine ball on my head - got the texture of the floor stamped into my forehead as punishment	😢
what's your biggest gripe with makeup shopping? just had a subpar run in at a makeup counter that was my fault. she was matching me to my face and not my neck (which is darker). and then my makeup subscription sent me a purple sparkly eyeshadow and a purple eye pencil.... that i would never use. just wondering	🙄
my girlfriend broke up with me after 4 years. she broke up with me because apparently she won't have enough time for me since she's going into kindergarten soon	😭
what does a bottle of olive oil and i have in common? extra virgin see ya later chads	😎
i just noticed i hit 50 followers. so if any one of my followers browses this sub, i have one question. why in the living **** would you follow a controversial and uninteresting brat such as i?	🤔
i [21 m] like my coworker [22 f] and we went on one successful date but something went wrong after that and she's not interested anymore. how would i get over her? so about a month back, my coworker started talking to me out of nowhere and what the greatest thing was that i actually thought she was cute and never had the balls to start talking to her so she starting to talk to me felt great. we talked that day for whatever time we had and the next day, i asked if she'd be down to hang out over the week and she said yes. i texted her the next day but she didn't reply for days and i thought she just said yes for the sake of saying yes and she's not into actually hanging out. she finally replied and we both agreed on a time and date, and we went out. the first date was successful i guess because at the end of it, she said we should hang out again. the next day she was sick and didn't come to work, i texted her if she's feeling ok and then we talked for a while. in the evening, she asked me if i wanna chill today and i said i can't because it's pretty busy in the store and boss won't let me go. a week later i asked her if she wants to chill today and she said yes, then about two hours before the date, i said we should get something to eat and go to the park and eat there and then walk and explore that area (in the first date, she said she loved going to parks and exploring it) she replied i don't like eating outside, i prefer inside and i said it's ok, we can eat in my car, then she replied with " " and i guess that turned her off because right as i was about to go pick her up, she said "i'm actually going to the gym now with my brother, next time?" and ofcourse i felt soooo sad, especially cancelling last minute, i told her sure. then some time later, i asked her if she's down to chill on thursday, she said i'm busy that day, then i said wednesday? she said i'm also busy that day. then i was like maybe i turned her off with the car shit and she's clearly not interested anymore and is trying to avoid me so i should stop even thinking of her. then about two weeks later we were talking in the store and she asked me if i wanna smoke weed with her, i was like sure but i don't have any, if you got it now, it'll be on me next time and she said great, i gotta ask my dealer first. then i said do you wanna go to the beach and smoke in my car over there? she was like sure. when i got home, unfortunately there was an emergency at home and i texted her sorry i can't do it today, gotta go to the hospital and she replied with "it's ok, i don't even think the plans for today would've worked" and i said it's ok, we can do it some other day this week and she hasn't replied since (it's been about three weeks). the thing is that she's just so attractive to me, i keep on want to keep looking at her at work but i wanna get over her, like i don't even wanna think of her, how would i do that? tl;dr i like my coworker and we went on one date but something went wrong and she's not interested anymore. how would i get over her?	😅
i've got nothing to lose, sorry if this is a bit inappropriate but... looking for a girl to h*ld h*ands with i'm sorry if i offended you, i know this is a bit much	😳
yo drinking semen is more sanitary than kissing someone this can help you in your pro gamer moves	😎
almost got a run over by a school bus today whilst eating pringles this is what i get for jay walking	😎
post breakup and all the hurts you go through. so me and my girlfriend of 2 months broke up last tuesday. and after days of consideration and trying to distract myself by hanging with friends and family it hit me this morning that it's supposed to hurt, and it's okay to let it hurt for a little while. like i just got the hoodie back that she had and i carried it to my room, when i tossed it on my bed i got a whiff of her perfume and it kinda sucked, then i was cleaning my car and i found her lip gloss, that hurt too. but it's supposed to hurt for a while basically i'm here to let y'all know that even though it's gonna hurt for a while, being with friends and talking can help ease the pain some, even coming to reddit or twitter to vent can help some, but ultimately the only cure is gonna be time. so its not bad to let it hurt and play sad songs and shed some tears, in the end you've got this because you're an amazing human being and you have a whole life full of encounters with other people ahead of you. so maybe take some time to reminisce about your relationship and your time with your so, maybe try to patch things up if it wasn't a bad breakup. but after you've done some healing, take what you learned from that relationship and when you're ready for it, go talk to that cute person, give the girl you're crushing on your number, or start flirting with that girl you sit next to in class. now i'm not saying it will go like that for everyone, but ultimately do what is right for you, whatever that is. and if you've read this far then here's a little love	❤️
damn its almost midnight and i'm feeling lonely i wish i had someone to hug and cuddle with filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	😔
some people just get to ahead of themselves edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger	😀
it's kinda dumb that girls have to pay for literally existing like imagine having to pay for something that happens constantly and it's something you can't control. thank you society very cool	😎
i hate my fucking life for a bit of context, i like this girl a lot who also happens to be one of my best friends. so last week i decided to finally ask her out in person. i asked if she could go to the in school gym after bit she could, so i was stuck with asking in a text. so that's what i did. but she replied with this "is that why you wanted me to go to the gym " in reply to what she said i just text her yeah. then she texted " ah bless"......... ah fucking bless, what do you mean bitch i finally worked up the courage to ask her out and i got ah bless. i'm so pissed even now. i'm eventually going to confront her about it but i need a bit of time to think over things. i'll keep you guys updated when i do and thanks for reading.	😂
navigating my (30f) relationship with a man (35m) that treats me really good so, i'm gonna be honest i have a lot of work to do on myself. i've been in numerous terrible, unhappy, abusive relationships. it's no coincidence that i kept finding myself in back-to-back relationships, one after another, with so many of the same issues (infidelity, emotional abuse, physical abuse, dishonesty, hardcore drug abuse, just full blown toxic). i own it. i am the common factor. i have a responsibility in the fact that i allowed this pattern to play out over & over again. i believe that i chose these relationships because of my very tragic & traumatic childhood. my complete lack of boundaries & almost desperate (perceived) need for validation was like a "give me an abusive boyfriend" starter pack. rest assured that i have done a ton of therapy with a wonderful therapist. i checked myself into a substance abuse program, and after that, i began a 12-step program about a year ago and i am still actively working on my recovery from addiction & also recovery from my past abuse. i am much healthier than i've ever been. anyways, that's enough backstory. i (30f) have been seeing a man (35m) for 3 months. i'm certainly not trying to carry over old baggage from failed relationships into this new chapter of my life, but i can't help but think back to those first few months of my previous abusive relationships. it's sometimes hard not to compare, because i certainly don't want to repeat those same patterns ever again. i'm not sure if that's wrong or not. it's very obvious how different this relationship is. the things i was denied in my past relationships - honesty, trust, respect, loyalty, open communication, honoring my feelings, texting me back or simply letting me know when he is busy, sticking to our plans, making an effort to see me, telling me his thoughts & feelings, reassurance, genuine appreciation - are freely given naturally. none of it is forced. none of it is asked for, or even mentioned. it's just given with no conditions or requirements. oh my god! it feels good. by the 3 month mark with my ex boyfriend (28m), the trust had already been been irreparably damaged. shit, by the 3 week mark, i was already having my doubts. but i stuck around for a year. i lied to myself & i lied to the people around me. i was in extreme denial of the fact that i was incredibly unhappy. i think i stuck around to try to prove that i was lovable. i went out of my way trying to show this person how much i cared. i went out of my way to open up & share who i am inside because i thought i could make him love me & treat me how i wanted to be treated. wow. it's crazy to type that into words. i've clearly grown, emotionally, mentally & spiritually. i am a very different person than i was two years ago. & maybe that is the key. i love myself more than ever before. i still hate myself sometimes, especially around my period. i get really bad pms. lol. but the greatest part is that i can share those feelings with my guy & know that he is nothing but supportive. he is so sweet. i still occasionally have little freak out moments where i get paranoid that this is all some big joke. like... am i being punk'd? where the fuck is ashton kutcher?? because i sometimes revert back to thinking that abuse is what i deserve & that there's no way a man would ever want to be with scumbag me. how do i let go of my baggage from the past & give this new & very healthy relationship a fair chance? i don't want to allow my brain to start over thinking & second guessing this because this guy has shown me absolutely no reason not to trust him. generally, i do trust him. but once in a while i have little inner meltdowns & i feel very insecure. how do i stop this? tl;dr --- past abusive relationships --- current guy treats me great which leaves me feeling suspicious that it's too good to be true. how do i leave my baggage in the past & appreciate this new relationship for what it is??? thanks.	😁
i am alone and bored anyone up for some good convo after shifting from my home country to the states i have kinda become lonely i hardly have handful of people to whom i speak. i would love to talk to people it's got quite depressing to stay alone	😔
do y'all ever get love horny? not horny like you wanna have s*x but like just want someone to text you or hug you or just cuddle	😩
got my drivers license today! i was very nervous since this was my first try and first time driving on snow but i surprisingly passed! have a nice day	😊
getting kicked out of foodlion for my boobs being out okay so this actually did happen today. as one can probably tell by my page i'm a cam girl/amateur pornstar. i operate on different sites. well i got a crazy offer last night, a guy offered me $550 to cut off a t-shirt right at my nipples and walk into a store, shop, and check out. sounds dumb right? well i thought about it and thought about it all night long and decided fuck it.. i can't turn down that much money. so i worked up the balls to do it. i drove the next town over, in my cut off shirt (weather below freezing btw) and did it. tits out and all. i felt trashy af, because well... it's trashy. but i did it anyway. i of course looked up my state laws first, and it's not illegal. just trashy. so as i'm walking around trying to do this video people of course start staring and laughing i heard one lady "oh my god you can see that girls titties" i bust out in a nervous laughter. finally after numerous comments and stares and laughs, the manager approached me and asked me to either cover up and leave. poor lady was as nice as she could be tho. so i apologized and ran out. $550 richer tho i still can't believe i actually did that. i'm ashamed yet proud.	😂
i might be single but i don't know it so, my girlfriend been under a lot of stress with work recently, especially considering she got a new job a month or so ago. anyway, she started becoming fairly distant a couple weeks back. she stopped replying to the couple of texts i sent her, so i assumed she needed space. after a couple of days of not talking she texts me saying the following: "hey *insertmyrealnamehere* thank you for checking up on me but at the moment i think i need some time to myself, i hope that you understand. i will text or call you when i'm ready to talk, but for now i am kindly asking for you to be respectful of the choice i've made, i hope to speak to you shortly, " i replied saying that that was perfectly fine, and that i'd give her the space she needed. anyway, that was a week and a half ago and i haven't heard from her since. this is strange since we used to talk daily and see each other a few times a week. so yeah, not sure if she just ghosted me and didn't want to break up, or if she does plan to just have a week or two to herself before giving me a call.	❤️
letting a teacher know i was an incel i'm in high school (currently 17), and i'm currently writing a research paper regarding the effects of the perry expedition on the japanese revolution. i went to a history teacher who is supposedly informed on japan to ask for help, and showed him the document i was working on just on my computer, and he opened up an online resource for books. he just clicked on the search bar, and the stuff that popped up was as follows: "rhinoplasty" "male rhinoplasty" "cost of hair transplant in trenton (my home town) vs \[where i currently live\]" "black pill" "jaw implants medpor vs silicone" "hate life but don't want to die" (and a bunch of generally messed up, and plastic surgery related stuff - the suggestions dropped down half the page for some reason. i think it's the auto-form recovery chrome addon that did it). and the like. a bunch of dumb, plastic-surgery related stuff. i noticed his hesitation and he didn't say anything, luckily. all i can say is it wasn't funny while it was happening... had he said something, i don't know what i'd have done. there's no doubt he noticed, though. at least i can point out that the online resource he linked me to was illegal if anything comes up, so we're all in the wrong here tl;dr - teacher used my computer, typed something in the bar, and all the fucked up recommendations from my three or four years of being a tortured incel popped up.	😎
i like my men how i like my floors polished, grounded, and underneath me	😏
today is my birthday hey guys. so today i hit level 25 in life! i know this is a silly post, but i just moved to a new state and i'm hundreds of miles away from all my friends and family... seeking some encouragement right about now. any advice about being alone on your birthday?	😂
god i'm so fucking lonely i just want someone to spoon me and slowly stroke their hand across my inner thigh while whispering kinky things in my ear	😭
nhl 100th birthday in honor of the nhl's 100th birthday they brought back a lot of the old players to honor them today, and i missed it by sleeping in	😭
i'm kinda confused this post isn't very heavy or suicidal or anything, just wanna see if there are people in my situation. so guys i don't really like anyone right now and last time i thought i liked someone it turned out the feeling i had was just wanting to be friends. i don't know if i'm even capable of like, loving someone, or even ready to date (15), just wanted to get this off my chest so	👍
laughing at slavery for the record, this took place last week. i am currently stuck taking a religion class this semester and it basically involves racism, religion, and diversity in african american culture. i rarely pay attention as it's basically a repeat of high school history. during class, i received a snapchat from one of my best friends. against my better judgement, i opened it. it was the most hilarious video i had seen in awhile and i began laughing hysterically. the problem is that the professor was showing a video of a slave being beaten and verbally abused. she stopped the video, the whole class stared at me and now i guess they all think i'm a racist	😂
is this flirting ? my 25f bf 30m sends heart emojis to female coworker. my bf has a female coworker he will randomly text throughout the day. he'll remember to take photos of things she likes and sends it to her. he'll send her memes i send him to her. he'll give her weed if she needs it. one time i'll see him send her heart emojis and say 'i you' because they're friends. although he'll text her first in the day with emojis to initiate conversation and its weird because he does the exact same thing to me. i understand having female friends is healthy and natural but the thing is this guy will openly tell me he prefers to only have me as his close friend and doesn't talk closely with anyone unless he has too. what i find even more discomforting is the way he talks to her is exactly how he talks to me always reassuring and very sweet. honestly at this point i'm thinking he's starved for attention from this girl and i feel as if he's stringing her along as well. i'm not really at all fired up but what i don't understand is that he'll say i'm the only girl he likes to hang with and talk to but then talks to this girl almost everyday. do men who are in relationships do this all the time, should i leave while i still have the chance? tldr: bf sends heart emojis to female coworker. he says he only likes talking and hanging it with me but i later found out he's texting this girl regularly and almost daily. is this beyond friendship and more flirting?	❤️
can i have a relationship with myself? my right hand cheated on me with someone else	😢
when we make fun of kids for not knowing all the old stuff we grew up with, that's literally the equivalent of boomers doing the same to us. so next time you make fun of timmy for only knowing ninja, remember that you're a boomer	😊
why do i have to suffer... my bday is on march 8 and i should've had a party the day quarantine began..... and now i'm fuckin' depressed coz i was supposed to see friends that i haven't seen in like 2 years!	😭
where my weebs at i wanna talk about anime and especially 2019 anime coming up with all the waifus	😎
i just want to do my homework but period pains make me unable to do anything expect lie in bed in agony	😐
are you a chocolate bar? i want to feed you to stray dogs.	😏
i have a quick question so im confused, lads. recently ive seen a bunch of stuff, from in tv shows to comments on the subreddit, that makes it seem like you only really text someone if you like them. like, obviously you text your normal group of friends, but anyone else, texting them often is taken as a liking? and ive never thought that before, but now it keeps showing up? like? texting someone all the time does not mean in the least that you like them??	🤔
how many of you would punch or slap me in the face if you saw me in real life due to my controversial self? i would	🤔
sometimes i let the fact that a selfie i posted on here got 3k upvotes get to my head and then i look into the mirror and get immediately humbled	😎
what is the earliest memory you remember ?? my first memory i ever had the pleasure to form and was unable to expel, was too young. we left my first home at the age of 4 so this memory would have to have been formed between the age 3-4 we moved in when i was two and out by four also i don't think my 2 year old mind was capable of capturing a moment in my brain for the rest of my life.. but anyways. my first memory.. i walked into the kitchen at the call of my name. i was handed a heavy for its size bottle. (a baby bottle) this is why i tell no one about this memory. who remembers being handed a baby bottle? but to be more exact. it was a clear glass baby bottle with a red plastic screw on top. you know like the part that held the nipple in.. that was red. and it had a red pattern painted all the way around. i remember drinking the milk and it was extremely sweet. it was evaporated milk with sugar added. the carpet was green shag lol. and the walls white. that's my earliest memory. also my mother didn't believe me. so she quizzed me by asking what my first dolls name was i told her coco and i was right. she also asked the colour of the carpet and i told her green which was also correct. so she believes me sort of. lol. someone please tell me they remember being younger then they should remember. tell me your story plz don't judge. hahaha	😂
i [21 f] got cut out my by [23 m] ex that i broke up with four years ago, and this is keeping me from my other friends. tl;dr my ex started dating my friend, got really possessive of her and weirdly high and mighty about his new relationship status, now i haven't seen a lot of my old friends in a year because they've made me look bad to the whole group. he (i'll call him rob) and i were close friend for seven years. his current gf (i'll call her nicky f/19) was one of my besties. i dated him years ago in high school. his mom was abusive and a bully and made my life a living hell. she's a homophobic (as in wouldn't go to her gay son's wedding and calls him a "sinner, bad example, etc") , nasty, beat-her-kids, anti-vax disaster who has legitimately neglected her children to the point of sickness. a true cps case. anyway, he kept defending his mom, so i left him. i clearly explained this after we broke up. its not that i didn't tell him - he just disagreed. we dated for about a full year. later, he got together with nicky after i set them up. he and i agreed to stay friends after i took some time away, and she had always crushed on him even while i had dated him, so i thought maybe it was a good match. a year after my breakup with rob, i was in an incredibly abusive and emotionally controlling relationship that left me with literal scars for about a full year. i'm only now in counseling for ptsd. the next year, i briefly dated one of rob and i's mutual friends for a couple months. the relationship didn't work out, the friend (let's go with remmy m/21) and i had really different political beliefs and he generally was not very motivated, emotionally dependent, and self deprecating. i politely ended it. he took it hard and texted me for daily for months afterward angry we broke up, wondering why i left him on read for a couple days at a time when i said we'd still be friends. i don't text anyone on the daily so i don't know what he was expecting. now nicky has absorbed all of rob and his mom's beliefs, apparently she's been posting about how global warming isn't real and neither is racism or sexism. she quit identifying as a bisexual and went from wanting to be a criminal investigator to a stay at home homeschool mom and artist. which you know, nothing wrong with that, but i knew her for seven years and trust me - it wasn't her own independent decision. rob, his mom, and older sister definitely put in their two cents. last year both rob and nicky unfriended me out of nowhere after i'd been trying to hang out for months. inviting them to the movies, to theatre shows my company was doing, asking them if they wanted to grab dinner with me and my other friends etc etc. i didn't agree with things they did, but they were still old friends. they cold dropped me out of nowhere. she said it was because they were "cutting ties with old exes" or something...but he was her first and i was his so that category applies to only me. when i politely pointed that out she just doesn't reply. i get this message from him instead. "hey op, i wanted to say goodbye for the last time. after we finished dating i spent a long time wondering why you had cut me off. i then saw you hop from one relationship to another. you leaving each individual worse off than the last. op you are a toxic person and i don't think it is good for me or nicky to be around you. there are many reasons i believe this and i would rather not say. i don't plan on talking to you again after this message so know that i've made up my mind. with that being said please don't message nicky anymore." he's mad that i dated three people in four years i guess? from the time i was 17-21? when most people aren't ready for serious commitment? one of which was legally abusive? i was mostly hurt she couldn't say this to me herself. this wasn't unusual, him speaking on her behalf and deciding what he thought was best for her. remmy and i were actually really worried he was being controlling. nicky was always a really vibrant and expressive person, but when we were around her, rob wouldn't "allow" us to talk about sex or use crude language around his girlfriend -- despite her doing that herself. but after dating rob, she slowly stopped. a year later, a mutual friend explained to me apparently nicky thought i was toxic because 1. once mentioned sexual things i did with robb in front of her (we were playing a never have i ever type game at a college sleepover and at the time he was the only sexual experience i had had) 2. she said all i ever talked about was sex and alcohol and "being gay" (bi). i agreed i got really sick of talking about some of those things with her, but she once told me i was the only one she felt safe talking about that stuff with. so i thought at the time i was helping. also, apparently rob didn't like that when invited them to things, it was always in my city (45 min away from them) or if i was already in their city, i would never drive to see them. i explained to him many times i have a shitty truck that can't handle getting on the highway, and i quit asking him for rides after i saw it was frustrating him (although he never outright said it). anyway, this is a problem because it means in the year since nicky/rob have cut me out i haven't seen everyone else in our old group except remmy's ex (who was also exiled from the group in a similar fashion) and one other girl (who recently gave me the three reasons above, clarifying questions i had had for a year). but there's still a ton more people, and it hurts knowing that rob, remmy, and nicky all have probably got to say their side of the story, but not me. i want to be a part of my old group again, the one i had been in for seven years, but i've lost touch with the group as a whole. any way i'd try to re enter would just break the "no talking to me or nicky" rule rob set up.	🙄
can y'all do a bedroom reveal so i can get decor ideas, redecorating my room 5x a week is the only thing that keeps me sane my room is so minimalist and awkwardly clean tho but one of my walls has two different shades on it after my dad tried to cover up some large holes ( ) so i don't know how to hide it. i was thinking i'd just hang my tv but i don't want a tv to take up so much wall room, it's too big. let me see your poster walls	🙄
how do i (26/f) approach this? is my boyfriend (26/m) snap chatting my little sister (18/f)?! thank you in advance for your responses. i need to preface this by saying 1)i'm not a trusting person as it is because 2)my last relationship ended after 7 years after i uncovered my ex's secret porn and pedophila addition. i actually caught my ex playing with himself to my younger sister's pictures. it was devastating and we immediately broke up. fast forward 2 years later and i'm in a relationship with the most kind and faithful man. he knows the reason my ex and i broke up and i have made it very clear to him that it's been a huge source of insecurity and trust. he understands this and has remained so faithful to me. so i've been with my bf for 2 years now. a few weekends ago we decided to make a trip to see my parents, bother, and sister. we've done this before many times and it was, per usual, a great trip. then i get on my snapchat a few days later and i notice that i have an emoji next to my bf that i'd never seen on snapchat before. it's this one. if you can't see it, it's the face that has a huge smile with teeth showing (not the grimacing one, the happier one). i don't think much of it. because honestly i could give two shits about snapchat. then i get on today and snapchat my sister and boyfriend something. i notice that next to her name, there is the usual smily face, indicating that we are "best friends" on snapchat. and next to my boyfriend's name is the same super smiling one i saw a few days prior. i then decide to look it up and i find out that the "super smiling emoji" means that we share best friends with someone on snapchat. well...my only best friend on snapchat is my sister and boyfriend. i don't snapchat anyone else. so, this means they must be friends on snapchat, which is odd, because that is something i most definitely would have been told by him. my sister is a beautiful girl. she is often referred to as the "prettier, social blonde version of" me. i don't want the insecurity from my last relationship to ruin this one but...this is odd, right? there has to be some sort of explanation...any ideas? how do i approach this as i most definitely want to bring this to his attention. or should i not??? tl;dr i was in a 7 year relationship that ended because he was addicted to porn, a pedophile, and was inappropriately looking at pics of my little sister. i'm now in a relationship that has been nothing but loving and kind to me for 2 years. but i noticed that he has an emoji next to his name on my snapchat that indicates he shares best friends with me. my best friend on snapchat is my sister and him. meaning they snapchat each other. could this be a fluke? will i sound totally insane if i bring this up to him? please help.	😁
my ears are having a major music orgasm ahhh my ears can take this listening to music i used to love a while ago with my airpods. not blasting but not low either.	😭
yo i can't believe people actually did slavery that shit was kinda awkward ngl	😅
my in-laws are my biggest fans and it's so damn cute i have a very strong relationship with my own family so i didn't expect to "adopt" a new one. but i swear, my in-laws are the cutest people in the world. i love them so much. they accepted me immediately and i feel like their daughter no matter what. i have some projects that involve social media presence and they are my biggest fans (they even earned some badges proving that ). it's really cute. i am from a different country and often times post stuff in a language they don't understand. it doesn't matter to them. they share my stuff, comment on it, watch the streams and root for me in general. even if it's about games they don't understand at all. i feel just unconditional love from them. i feel so blessed. really.	😂
what's the best step forward for me (20m) and my ex (22m) if we were to give it another go? hello everyone thank you for reading this and hopefully responding so my ex broke up with me about three weeks ago and it has been the worst time of my life! the breakup wasnt what i wanted at all and it wasnt what my ex wanted to do either. although we did break up he is a part of me that i cant let go and need in my life and the love and connection we have runs so deeply that i want to make it work! our relationship has/had alot of issues mainly down to me and my emotional state and processing and i know and want to make that change. i've booked counselling for myself to try and sort myself out and i'm hoping that understanding my brain will help. we started talking again the other day and although we got our wires crossed and have each other the wrong messages i believe that he does want to be with me and that i want to be with him. we are both although me more than him are worried that we make each others mental health worst and i'm desperate to find a good and safe first step forward for us. if anybody has any idea on what we should do moving forward it would be amazing to hear and thank you in advance! tl;dr: my ex and i broke up due to mental health and i want to know of any options forward we could take to be together and be happier?	😊
my [f, 21] best friend [f, 23] put all the blame on me for her almost-break-up with her boyfriend [m, 21] they have been together for just over a year now, and for the most part, in the beginning they were a really solid couple. in these past couple months, i have watched her go from upbeat and happy to completely miserable on a daily basis. she has regularly messaged me with tears in her eyes and stories about how she is so upset and feels like she has dedicated her life to this person, but isn't feeling happy anymore and instead feels trapped and suffocating. first things first. bf isn't and hasn't been abusive. he is actually a charming and kind guy. patient and supportive. all the good stuff. i have showed a lot of support in the past. my best friend is also depressive and has severe anxiety. she has days where she can't bring herself to do anything. she has personal issues with her self and idk if bf is the most supportive in this area, most likely because he doesn't know what to do, so he gives her space and it often makes her worse. long story short, they have had major issues. i have tried to push her towards professional help, which she isn't interested in, nor can she afford, and also tried to help her with her communication skills. in the long run it didn't work at all, and the more time went by, the more she wanted to leave. so then i tried to support her in that. offered her my place as long as she needed it and said she needed to get some space. she came very close to breaking up with him many times, and even had something written up on paper to give him. when we hung out next, i gave her the boost she needed to finish the deed and started the conversation about moving out, not even breaking up. then two days past where she went back to his house and was supposed to grab her stuff and come live with me for the time being. and then i got a message this morning basically saying she "felt pressured into breaking up with him and needed some time completely alone to decide what she wanted to do for herself." it had a kinda accusatory tone to it. almost like i had, out of no where, tried to sabotage her relationship. like i didn't just spend the past 5 or so months getting messages about how she hated her life where she was and felt trapped and depressed. in the message she stated she wasn't talking to me for a full week, so i couldn't influence her decision at all (even though for that week she will be staying at her boyfriends house...?). i honestly feel really blindsided and hurt, like i've done something to meddle when i've only tried to help. i also find it interested and should add; she only has one other really close friend, and during all of this major almost break up stuff, the other friend *didn't answer any of her messages* about her being upset and wanting to move out, to which she expressed to me how upset she was that her friend just ignored her and showed no support to her when she needed it. and yet when i do the opposite, it is also an issue tl;dr - my best friend pushed all the blame of her almost-break-up onto me and sent me a message basically saying she blamed me when i was pushing for her happiness	🤔
randomly meeting a girl at sonic?? i am a carhop at sonic, it was post football game rush and i see that i'm going to a nicer looking car.. there's a girl and i think a guy is in the passenger. this cute chick pops out of nowhere from the backseat, and says 'i like your drug rug' (i learned that it was my hoody that has this wonderful name. she began to seem pretty interested in me. she asked what my name was, and i gave it to her. at this point i was half tripping because i had been out there for a minute but i was also getting flirted with. i know she knows my name, i told her i'm on fb, but so hear of the moment o didn't even so much as ask her for her name, or find out where she lived or anything. waiting on a random friend request ig	😂
one of my favorite things about being the shy quiet kid since people already don't notice me that means any random boners i get in class people won't notice at least i hope they don't notice	😳
epic gamer moment! guys my dad said he'll preorder me cyberpunk 2077 tomorrow! i'll finally be a cool kid.	😎
should i give up on stephen king? okay, i don't want to offend any of y'all stephen kung fane out there. i genuinely want a book suggestion. i heard of his name a lot in the horror genre and i decided to try him out. i picked up it as my first book as i myself was terrified of clowns as a child. . . . . it was more disappointing than anything i've ever tried and i couldn't get all this hype about it. i literally forced myself to go through that behemoth. i was really bored by all the foreshadowing of pennywise and omg i can't stress this enough, the ending was an extreme let down. should i give up on steph.? is this all he has to offer? are there any better books by him? ples no bullie	🥺
should she finally let go of her mother's apron strings or am i in the wrong here? summary: my gf (25) and i (33) have known each other for three years and have been dating for 11 months now. she's the love of my life and i'm grateful every day that i have the privilege of waking up next to her. we moved in together 4 months ago and it's been like a dream come true. however our relationship is being strangled by her mother. background and context: i'm here today because i need to ask how much "family time" is healthy and when it crosses the line into codependency. i acknowledge that i don't have a healthy baseline to compare this situation to because i grew up in an extremely abusive environment. over-the-top physical and emotional abuse in my formative years has destroyed any notion of family for me. i don't speak to or acknowledge the existence of any of my side of the family. they could all disappear from the earth and i would have no idea. family get-togethers and holidays just weren't a thing for me. friends growing up had close families and it just felt foreign and uncomfortable to witness. i'm also a textbook introvert who has limited social energy to spare each day. going over there is draining and unpleasant for me, especially after a long day at work. - that being said, i'm here asking for advice because i need to know if i'm in the wrong here or whether i have a legitimate case to confront my gf with. details: 1) her mother fully expects us to hang out over at her house several times a week. realistically 2-4 times a week, varying from 2-4 hour visits to all-day outings on the weekends. doesn't ask, just tells us to come over. zero regard for our lives or schedules. 2) her mother goes into a full-on teenage tantrum rampage if we decline or say no. complete with foot stomping, door slamming, passive-aggressive facebook posting, gossiping and general s**t talking to the rest of the family. i find myself forcing myself to go just to avoid the headache. 3) the major issue and complicating factor is that my gf tends to side with her mom on this issue. that was the norm before i entered the picture and in her mother's eyes i'm the boy stealing her daughter and f'ing everything up. 4) i don't want to alienate her from her family. ever. i don't want to change aspects of who she is because i fell in love with her exactly as she is now. we've recently been talking about the idea of marriage and i don't want our potential children to be alienated from their extended family like i've had to endure. however i believe this is unhealthy and something has to give in this situation. is her mother codependent or am i just unfamiliar with how a normal family relationship should be? most nights i'd just like to be able to come home, cook a nice dinner for the both of us, cuddle with her and the cats, play video games together, and relax. however several nights a week i feel like we're threatened with the fallout of her mother's immature meltdown if we don't go spend our entire evening over there. i've tried to bring this up to my girlfriend, but she has always been close with her family and tells me to get over it, stating that "this is how it's always been." i've started opting out and staying home while she visits, but i get a raft of guilt and disdain from her family who is beginning to disapprove of me because i don't want to spend half my evenings and every weekend over there pretending like i want to be there. i hate this and it's made me consider breaking up with her. i really don't want to. tl;dr - future mother in law is hella codependent and takes up more of our time than i think is appropriate. gf sides with her mom because "that's the way it's always been." is the amount of time we spend there normal or am i out of line? how do i ask my gf to let go of her mother's apron strings, acknowledge the codependency, trim back the family visits to a sane level, and just enjoy life with me?	😭
what is the best chemical that i can drop into my left eye to make me go blind? i think i would look dope with one blind eye. i got a dropper to put the chemical into my eye with and now i just need to know what to get. don't get worried or anything i'm not into harming my myself or somethin like that. 🏾	👍
i can help you study for your prostate exam	😏
just blew on a spicy potato chip....... i don't know what i was trying to accomplish . so what utterly hilarious stupid thing did you guys do today?	😂
telling people my plans to ebay flip i made a mistake because i need money and am strapped for cash. i found a sound module on ebay for half the price it usually goes for so i bought it and am waiting to ship. and i don't know how or why i thought it was a good idea (probably because i'm autistic), but i ended up telling people in a discord group i was in that i was gonna ebay flip, and someone told me it was incredibly despicable and disgusting. i immediately felt bad, but i decided not to retaliate, so i just simply replied with " " and left. now i'm incredibly hurt and i hate both people and myself. how could i think this was a good idea. how could i think it was a good idea to tell people. why must i be like this. and why must everyone assume that my intentions are nefarious. i don't allow myself to feel hate or disdain directly towards the people who told me that's disgusting, and they're probably right and i'm in the wrong for trying to earn some extra money. i hate this world. i hate people. i hate myself. people are trash, nothing more, nothing less. including myself, for what i intended to do. and i'm someone who can't understand other people. **tl;dr:** mistakenly announced my plans to ebay flip, got called despicable and disgusting for it and now i'm hurt and hate everything.	😐
i wish i still had grandparents. my parents are definitely older. i'm the oldest child. my mom had me at 37, my dad at 45. my dads parents died before i was born. my moms dad died when i was six, and my moms mom died when i was 18. she lived in seattle and was 96, and it was too painful for her to see us because she didn't remember us. i love my parents because they are so cool! i could talk to them for hours. and i just think of how cool their parents must have been. i hear such great stories, especially about my dads parents. it makes me feel bittersweet to see all the videos of cute old people. when i see my friends grandparents i just want to hug them a little longer. i volunteer in old folks homes because they might wish they had family who cares, and i just want to care for them. but sometimes i wish i just had my own grandparents. i feel like i'm missing such a piece of life. if you have any cute stories about your grandparents, let me know. i'd love to know them.	❤️
tinker bell can have 1 on coddit i'm at a deficit i can't compete with i don't know the art of shitposting	😔
tip of the day: how to not make noise while peeing immerse the head of your penis in the toilet water thank me l8r	😎
isn't it so entertaining to post something to get people annoyed on purpose it's so fun to see all the mad responses	😭
i have the n word pass and i'm gonna use it. all of you are... noobs have a nice day!	😎
my (25) boyfriend (25) is extremely anxious about the fact that we weren't exclusive when we started dating hello everybody! i met my now boyfriend around january and we were non-exclusive for less than a month. before this time, i used to date a few people and after we met for the first time, i saw two people that i knew from before. at first i didn't want to be in a relationship or exclusive so i told him that i was seeing other people. at that time he was more or less fine with it. i ended up falling in love with him fast and as soon as i got feelings i stopped seeing anybody else. we became a couple and things were wonderful at first but he started to get very anxious that i saw other people after we met and slept together. he doesn't blame me, he hates feeling that way. it's starting to get bad: he can't sleep, he eats less. i suggested he sees a therapist but he doesn't seem to want to. i'm doing everything i can to help him, i used to be very anxious so i know how horrible it is. i just don't know what to tell him anymore. i love him so much and it breaks my heart to see him like that. he just can't stop having images in his head and it's fucking him up. i hope i was clear enough. i guess this is a common problem, that whole exclusivity thing :( what can i do to help him get better? and is it gonna get better eventually? i'm really scared tl;dr : my boyfriend is really anxious about the fact that i saw other people when we weren't exclusive yet	😢
found my best friends boyfriend on omegle shirtless it was in those boring days between christmas and new year's that you have absolutely nothing to do so i decided to go on omegle (after years of not being in there) since i'm a bit shy ( and i wasn't wearing makeup) i decided to wear my face mask ... so i was just talking to some cool people and nexting creeps when i saw this shirtless guy and just when i was about to skip him i realized it was my bffs boyfriend and not gonna lie i always thought he was cute... so any ways i said hello and he said hello back and the he asked me "do you like being told what to do?" and i was like and that's when i realized he had no idea who i was so i just ... haha let me know if you wanna know what happened next	😳
i am a happy father of 5 unvaccinated children... edit: 4 unvaccinated children* edit: 3 unvaccinated children* edit: 2 unvaccinated children* edit: you can attend all their funerals next week	😔
technically, nbp is now gay because he's a mod. we lost a brother today	😢
graduation party tomorrow night so this entire year there have been so much drama and fighting between students in my class that now our class has split into two groups and tomorrow there is a high school graduation party tomorrow night in the middle off nowhere, 8 of my class is coming and 4 is from my group and i am scared that something will escalate cause one guy from the other group is really unstable and unpredictable and if i dont post an update tomorrow i want you all to know that i love all off you and i really wish people would love not hate	❤️
it's 7 am right now and i am feeling regret for existing that's very fun and cool filler filler filler filler filler filler	🙃
so many kids at my school brag about how sex they had and then there's me	😭
i'm very grateful for the opportunities i've had last night i had a little party in my house cause i graduated with a bachelors degree. i wouldn't have done all of this if it wasn't for my family, especially my mother. she worked so hard for so many years in mexico and saved enough money to apply for permanent residence in america. i am so thankful to have a chance at life by being able to have access to an education. she texted me she could die happy now. god damn, i fucking love this woman. thank you mom i love you	❤️
any only children here? the struggle is real. we may further discuss this in the comments.	😂
it takes a different type of mf to steal opioids from they're own granny shameful behavior imo filler filler filler	😐
help please i'm an introverted 14 year old from la living in **england** in a **boarding school** and i met a girl last week same age. we don't share similar interests, but she's really cute. she's in all of my lessons but we sit together in physics and english. i'm a nerd but not completely, she is also introverted but a bit more open. i don't want to be a jerk while approaching her after lessons that is why i turned to the trusted internet to help me . i never did anything like this and i always said to myself wait for valentine's day and then take a shot, but, it would too late to take the shot by valentine's. please tell me how to approach her without making it weird.	😂
gotta love waking up and your whole body is in pain! in all seriousness, i'd love for this pain to stop. i can't really walk and my stomach feels horrible	🙃
i am terrified of flying. i am boarding and airplane in exactly 36 hours and i am utterly horrified. which means i'll most likely spend the five hour flight nervous giggling and no one wants that. anyone have any tips for flight anxiety?	😂
going over to the place of a girl who asked me to come over on instagram ok so backstory time, this girl dms me few weeks back about how if i am ever in town again i should let her know, she's a local and would love to show me around blah blah. i told her i lived in the area and she was all excited oh wow we should meet up etc, i said sure. i've just been busy since so i never followed up. today out of the fucking blue, she sent me a snap of her after-bath, in towel. i was like.. okay. then she's like what ya doing? i said nothing out of the ordinary what about you, she goes i'm drunk and just really turned on, do you want to come over? i said sureeee. now tbh.. i did sense a feeling in my gut at this point but i was just going with the flow. she gave me an intersection of streets address (which i thought was fine since i had never met her yet). then she's like r u coming or no. i said aight let me get an uber, and she's like show me a picture of your uber.. i was like calm yo tits down lol. i then asked her if i should drive instead and she's like "you're seriously starting to get on my nerve. like are you fucking coming or not", honestly she was pissing me off at this point. anyways i drive down there and i'm like ok now what, she gives me the address and then i ask her if the door is open.. or should i wait for her to open it.. or ring the bell?.. this is where it fucking shocked the fuck outta me. she's like "i'm really into anonymous stuff , was thinking that it would be really hot if it did like a gloryhole type of thing i want it to be completely anonymous, you come over, stick your dick in the hole and i suck it no talking just me sucking on you, then you leave and the next day we meet and pretend it never happened. we act like it's the first time we ever met, even though we both know what we did. so every time i give you look you can't say anything about how i sucked you like a pornstar! so there's this outside patio thing next to my window, you come inside and walk straight to a door that says no smoking, open that door and right on your left there's this ladder, go up it and then you'll be at my window, there's this little crate for me that i use to go out there, you can stand on it, but you might be too high, but there's also a puddle, there's a hole next to it stick your dick in it for me so i can suck it" i swear tf devil i drove back in no time and god knows what i escaped today. lesson learnt: never be desperate tl;dr: drove to the place of a girl who asked me to come over on instagram, when i got there, she asked me to stick my dick in to a hole so she can suck it. i drove tf back in no time	😅
its friday!!! to anyone who had a long,bad,tiring,or just uneventful week... guess what?? we survived! its finally friday! hope everyone has a good weekend any interesting? or non interesting plans?	😊
fantasy books? i want to read more fantasy style adult books. i've tried looking on my own but unfortunately i can only really find young adult fantasy which there's nothing wrong with but i'm kinda tired of that writing style. anything with magic, dragons, elfs, and especially fairies i'd love! thank you for any suggestions you have	😊
where do you buy designer? i know this isn't a typical causal conversation post, but its a question i have that i haven't really been able to find a good answer to, and we all know posts on r/askreddit either get 20k upvotes or zero. where do you buy fake designer at? as much as i like to think i'm rich, i can't afford an $800 wallet. i've tried ioffer but my card keeps getting rejected help reddit, please!	🙃
i'm sorry but if you cheat/are okay with cheating then i don't want anything to do with you call me dramatic but it just disgusts me honestly, even though i luckily have never been in the situation myself. i hate it when guys do it, i hate homewreckers, or when people know that it's happening but say nothing. i genuinely don't understand how some people do it and can just live with themselves... like wtf	😀
girl [18] that i [18m] was talking to wants to stop talking because of life and too much going on. i understand, but what now? hi, i recently made a post about what to do the other day about a situation i had and the answers i got were helpful and would've helped given this one situation didn't happen . so she said that given all the stuff that is going on with her life (school being almost over, college, grandma ill, poor family communication, and overall poor morale) lead to her wanting to be alone and that us talking would only be a sad time for me as she wouldn't be open or ready for anything serious. i understand all of this and i begrudgingly accepted. i'm a bit sad now that it ended so soon (~2 months) and i enjoyed everything about it, but she wasn't opposed to doing anything or starting again in the future. the only problem really is what to do now. obviously i can or can't wait for her, and i doubt she would be willing to talk to anyone with what she's going through. and while she didn't say she was opposed to anything happening in the future, should i wait for her to be ready or try and move on from this? i don't have a problem with either as i'm not eager to go out and try things if i can just have back what was good before, but if i have to, i'll try and move on. thanks! anything is appreciated, even just reading it. tl;dr: girl and i just stopped talking bc of problems in her life and relationship wouldn't help really. not opposed to anything in future, but unsure what to do till then. stay and wait? if so, what do i do until that time? or leave? not opposed to either but just at a cross roads. thanks!	😅
no guitar post today dont know what to play that would be interesting to watch and the riff im currently working on learning is not quite there yet :(	😔
i just found a letter on my cars door handle it was the us army i was excited the whole walk to the car ffs	😳
do any other girls on here play minecraft? my friends think it's funny that i've been playing for hours now. we used to all play in like 5th grade but i got it back and am on that grind again	😎
omg someone just asked me if i was famous wow i guess that means i am better than you ^(okay i'm not famous just let me be the little bitch i am)	😎
scared of throwing up and i'm having stomach issues and having a panic attack. anybody awake to talk?? [deleted]	😭
my (26f) fiance (24m) is terrible at gift giving. so, i love my fiance dearly but he is just the worst at gift giving. and hey, its not like im a materialistic person. he just isn't really interested in giving things to other people and it bothers me. he's going to go shopping tomorrow with one of his friends (who doesn't know me very well, but is helping purely because they are also a woman) to pick out a gift for me. i can already tell i'll hate it. i always put a lot of effort into the holidays and spend a lot of time (i'm crafty) and money on my close friends and my mom who is my only family, every year. when he gifts it's only ever one thing, always under 20$, (we're not well off, but we make about the same and have the same expenses. i dont have a hard time budgeting 50ish bucks for each person on my gifting list) and it's never wrapped. he's never made me anything though also being a crafty type. i'm starting to think it must feel like an obligation to him and he just wants to get away with the bare minimum. (i tried to do the same and put minimal effort into a gift so he can see how it feels... but i can't. ) another thing that drives me crazy is that he has a large family and his grandmas and aunts and uncles will all mail him gifts for christmas, so he will get several boxes of presents and handmade treats every year and *he won't even send a thank you card or call them.* i admit, im jealous. his parents easily spend several hundred bucks on him every year too. (tbh i dont think he even gives them anything) i feel very much sometimes he doesn't appreciate what he has. maybe my perspective with this is very different. i've only ever been obligated to get things for my mom, and i love doing things for her. but he has this huge family and and maybe finds gifting to be overwhelming? i honestly hate the way this makes me feel. i can't help comparing all the time and effort i put into what i give to him to the lack of what i would consider quality gifts he has given me. also, i generally just feel ungrateful and have such a hard time talking to him about it. gift giving has always been an important way of expressing love for me, and i know its not the same for him. i wish we could come to some sort of understanding. as an example: this year he gave me a $15 stuffed animal for my birthday. i expressed repeatedly that i dont like gifts that aren't practical beforehand. i also found out he bought it very intentionally, a month in advance. he doesn't know that i hate it. i know that the solution is communicating. but i dont really have the words.	🙃
do you think i should get to know my local stations train conductor, seeing as i'll be taking the train there everyday for the next few months? just wondering he seemed like a nice guy	😅
posting a promise for $10,000 on reddit if an impossible thing happened and it was read nationally on the air. here is [the post](<url>) that made it on espn's dan lebatard show today. years ago, sioux falls had a big deal where we would try to get stugotz up here by giving him a key to the city, halftime show to him, a limo ride, golf outing, name the town stu falls for a day, etc. it's always been a running gag that he's a snake/slimeball that would never go through with it, and it faded off into the distance for awhile. so as a gag, i made the post (with intent to back it up) saying that i'm putting up $10,000 but subtracting $100 per day from the total until he comes here. while i quickly realized that the initial $10 per day would take 3 years to complete and changed it to $100 per day quickly, the one they read on the show was the $10 per day! you know how these (i'll do *x* until *y* posts go.... they take awhile to build momentum) i didn't expect the first day it would be found and read on the show live! now i'm hoping to be in communication to see what's to come next and how seriously i should start raising the remainder of the $10k should he head up here in the very near future. my gut said it was a stupid safe bet that the sub could enjoy, but now it could become a thing. which i would love and find a way to raise the money. tl;dr thought i was doing a funny gag post that would take awhile to be seen by a radio show, turns out they immediately saw it and it could cost me $9,000+	😂
f uck >>>>>>> i'm so bored i just realized i've posted on this sub so much today,,, sorry if i'm annoying you guys <3 anyway i'm actually a psychic so if anyone wants a psychic reading of their profile just comment	😩
what feels better than sex an epic victory royale	😎
i (17f) am afraid of dating and sex. i'm sorry if this turns out a little bit long, it's kind of one of those situations where i feel like backstory is needed to fully understand (info/history about me) i'm 17f, in the beginning of my senior year of high school. i'm more of the introverted, quiet kid who doesn't talk much and is painfully, painfully shy and inexperienced. i'm more of an art freak; i plan on majoring in art and going on to get my teaching license for art education for high school students. as a kid, i was severely made fun of; called fat and ugly, was told that i should just die, etc. this led me to have issues with depression, severe anxiety, eating issues, and general body dysmorphia that i still have issues with today. (end history) in my family, we never really talked about sex or dating; it was extremely taboo. everything that i learned was from my friends/peers, online, or what i saw at home. this was my first indication that healthy relationships are practically nonexistent and sex is something that should be automatically given to the other person; no matter what. the very first relationship i had was not the best. he wouldn't listen to me, would try to touch me all the time, would try to make me touch him, and blamed me for mostly everything. he called me crazy and that everything was my fault. a few months after him, a semi-close friend of mine blamed me for him trying to kill himself. both of these situations have left me to believe that there's no such thing as a healthy relationship; that all that will happen is me being blamed for things that aren't my fault and that whenever i speak i'll just be turned down to a deaf ear. as i've said before, i've seen a lot through my friends and peers. 99% of it is not good. most of them end up being used for sex, be cheated on, be hit, be sexually assaulted, or some other harmful experience. because of this, i feel like i'll be hurt; whether that be beaten or used up and left. from all of the negatives that i have heard about sex, i'm extremely uptight about it and have a 6 month mandatory waiting period for sex for anyone who tried to get in a relationship with me. it helps me weed out the bad but i feel like all it does is turn people away because i am so uptight and fearful of being hurt again. i really don't want to be this way anymore. i want to see that there are positives in relationships and that i won't be used up or thrown to the ground. i'm sick of having such bad anxiety every time i think about relationships and sex. i appreciate any helpful advice that'll get me past this.	😂
my boyfriend application i like video games, skating, and not abusing my loved ones like my ex did	😳
guys help u/finace-horror is horny. <url> check here	😭
horny post self explanatory and also could y'all rate my hands from my previous post dm if you're down to help idk	😩
reconnected with my first love and things are insane. someone help! so i've broke up with my ex. we were together a long time. one drunk evening i decided to find my first love. i fbi'd his ass and found him using only his name and dob! while drunk and no other connections! lmao! no social media connections, no email addresses and no mobile number. the internet is a small and scary place ppl! background: he was scared he'd found the one, me, too young. we met when we were 22. i embraced our love and was ready for him. him not so much. would ignore me for months on end in our long distance relationship. serious ostrich syndrome. i would send him 4 page emails trying to figure out what was going on, what i'd done for him to treat me this way. to be young naive and stupid in love. i was a virgin and he respected my wishes not to have sex. he always said if i was ever waiting in a hotel ready for sex, he'd come running. fast forward to me being 26 and i'm just that... he stands me up. i vow he will never see me again. he messages me on fb telling me he's moved to the big city for me and wants to make it work. i tell him enoughs enough. now here i am 33 drunk af and i message him. i was certain he'd be married with minis running around and i want to clear the air. it turns out he hasn't and we laugh about how we both had exes who abused drugs despite neither of us even smoking. we arrange to meet several times and he cancels on the day. we met for the first time spontaneously as he kept loosing his nerve. when i saw him it was like a punch to the stomach. i don't look like i used too - weight gain yatayatayata he jumps out the car and picks me up in a bear hug. i'm 6ft and he's taller than me. we hang and it was like talking to an old friend. he tells me i'm still beautiful - my most recent ex didn't even tell me i was pretty because everyone else did needless to say that hit me hard.. at the end of the meet he kisses me and i swear i could see the outline to his soul. he was on fire. he's the only guy i've kissed and seen fireworks. afterwards, i freak out tell him i'm scared i'm gonna fall for him. after toing and froing him telling me his head is hurting, as im battling between my head and heart, he ignores me for a week. i get in touch with him ask him to meet and then he freaks out and i offer him what he didn't provide me - patience and understanding. after me giving up and saying we need to end things he gives me a window where we can meet. we were meeting to finally have sex. we met, did it and after a couple of days he then ignores me for a month.. he says he's busy and can only meet to hook up.. i'm cool with that but i just want good morning texts.. did i get any texts? no. no, i did not. i used to tell ppl i was going to have his babies. i mentioned this to him once in passing as i never told him. i want to meet him for one last sex session as a goodbye and he wants to do it when i'm ovulating... the crazy ass! tell me what to do. this is f*cking crazy! tl;dr we reconnect, i was a virgin, when i was finally ready he stood me up. after 10 years we meet after he bailed several times - worried i wouldn't like him. we hit it off. arrange to meet, do it and he ignores me for a month.. i want a goodbye sex session and he wants to do it when i'm ovulating because deep down i know that's how he'd settle down. this is crazy.. help	🙄
she don't want me now i got nobody to play lego avengers with when does the pain end	😔
do any cute alt girls wanna peg me	😩
after like a year of being on this sub i finally found out i finally found how i change the flair!!!! never been more happy i'm	😎
who wants to play minecraft ayyy me and my friend are looking for people to play minecraft with. we have a small server... so pm if you want to.	😎
what's the most illegal thing you've done? i jaywalked in fifth grade (reposting in this sub bc r/atg is playing games with people)	😔
god really gave me the most juicest, bounciest boobies, a wet, phat, plump and scrumptious pair of lips and cheeks that clap when i walk and a teeney tiny waist and said "make it work" why am i so perfect i didn't ask to be made this way	😭
heyy any kind-hearted volunteer who's good at math? i have a little question i mean not homework or anything just a quick question... please...? so yea please dm me if you can help a bit i'd be so thankful and then we can chat and be friends hahahaha	🥺
lets go new profile status feature now people can ghost me in reddit and in real life	😁
i saw alice cooper at my church today	😎
how did this happen so my girlbestfriend(my crush) and i usually hug eachother or are close with eachother and everyone thinks we're dating. she constantly tells ppl she'd ever touch me like that but today she kissed me and we did stuff and idk how it happened but now were like bsf with benefits	😭
why did my bag slightly moving and hitting the floor scare the shit out of me i do be kinda anxious after one redbull jdjdjxbxbdbxbzbzbzbzbzbzbxbzbzbzbdbdbdbdbdbdbslsooslxixkjdbdbdbfbdbdjjdbdbdbddbb	😳
lol i just got kicked out of media club i installed a virus on a few computers during media club and my teacher that defends pedophile teachers kicked me out . lowkey funny af.	😂
i [30] feel torn as i want to contact my ex[28] as i would like to have a friendship with her but petrified of rejection. as the title says, i'm a little torn because i don't think i have the balls to reach out to her. i would like to have a friendship with her, it's been 9 months since we split, we had a pretty messy relationship towards the end, but the good times were amazing and we had a really good connection, more than i've ever had with anyone else but when the bad times came around they were seriously bad. we were major dicks to each other and it turned pretty toxic by the end, but i've come to terms with a lot of things and having her as an intimate partner, but what i'm really struggling with is the idea that i've lost her as a best friend. i talk to all my other ex's and we're just really good friends and i would like to also have that kind of relationship with her, but the only difference is that my ex's have contacted me, and i'm so happy they did. but i'm petrified of rejection, i'm also petrified to have my messages that i would send to her screen captured by her and shared with her friends and sisters, which she would do a lot in our relationship and it would upset me a lot as i felt there was no privacy when ever we had an issue. i just need some advise whether to just do it and face the outcome or just leave it and not bother. all opinions are welcome :) and thank you for taking the time to respond tl;dr: need to find the courage to text my ex to have a friendship but scared of rejection.	❤️
my friend (14) is dating a 19 year old my friend is 14 and i've known her online since i was 14 myself. i'm currently 16 and i care about her. she's like a little sister to me. recently, i don't know what to do. she's dating this 19 year old guy she met on a game and they're in an online relationship. i think it's disgusting because he's 19 and she barely graduated middle school. she's a little kid. so i told her mom, about her boyfriend. i was hoping she'd take the right actions but i was... kinda disappointed. and she responded "they are only friends, she told me. i think you misunderstood. she's very well behaved at home". i know this is a lie because they've been video-chatting, stating that they're in a relationship. i know 100% they are dating. my friend messaged me: "why are you texting my mom?" and i don't know what to do. i'm afraid she's pissed and i know she is, but this situation is so messed up. do i correct her mom and sacrifice my friendship? *edit: to those saying my friendship is weird, i'm a 2004 kid and we became instagram mutuals when i was 13-14. she was 11 and i didn't know that but we followed each other and we both liked kpop so it didn't bother me. i don't talk to her like i do with people my age because i have my own friend group we only play league on discord together sometimes.	👍
something i've noticed lately.. is it just me or all of a sudden there has been a lot more posts on this sub about how all of a sudden everyone got to spend time with their crush and what not over this weekend	🤔
should i value sleep or anime i have three episodes left of death note and i'm excited to finish something for once.. but it's also 11:50 and i don't want to be late for class............. what should i do	😭
i'm a 24 year old mom who doesn't have actual friends. i'm not really socially awkward. i have just been shut in for over 3 years with no friends. i've got my toddler and my boyfriend. my boyfriend is a social butterfly and friendships are easy for him. he has multiple friends. he goes out and plays magic with his friends and has one best friend that he talks about everything with. i've grown sorta envious of that. i would like something like that. however i find it hard for me to make friends. and that sucks for me. i've just grown a little lonely. i guess that sounds weird.. but i'm a car salesperson youd think that stuff like that would be easy for me...yeah. i have an off and on switch. at work on. off work off. i'm weird. but anyway, if you have any advice i'd love to hear it. if you wanna be friends, that's fine too.	😁
my first breakup [27m]. she [24f] said she would still like to be friends and hangout long story short i was a late bloomer and haven't had a single real relationship up until recently which lasted all of about 3 months. granted i've had fwb situations and casual stuff in the past but this was the first time i have ever felt something real. we had so much chemistry and commonality that it was kinda too good to be true at times. we had sex often, went out together, introduced each other to our friends and family etc. however in the last two weeks of being together out of nowhere we decide to meet and she breaks up with me explaining that she just isn't ready for a real relationship at this time and there is too much going on in her life. she did tell me about some crazy stuff she's gone through in her life and i always wanted to be here for her but i guess it just wasn't fair to me. she had been treated poorly in past relationships and i guess she just didn't know what to do with a genuinely nice guy who cared for her so much. i treated her like a queen sending her flowers, getting thoughtful gifts, helped her through stressful times and more and never once did we argue. this woman checked off everything on my list of what i could ever want in a life with someone and she agreed. we moved really fast and constantly discussed kids, marriage, moving in together and yeah we both agreed that may of been a mistake but at the time we were just so into each other. getting to the point after the breakup we mutually agreed we still wanted to be friends and hangout but what makes me skeptical is i've been told that in the past with previous fwbs and always ended up being burned. do you think she means it or just didn't want to hurt my feelings? we still have each other's numbers and snaps. (apparently shes always blocked and deleted previous boyfriends stuff). she also mentioned potentially getting back together in the future if the time was right. i wouldn't mind it at all since i still love this woman to death but i'm not going to wait for her either. i wasted so much time that it's kinda late to be playing the numbers game. i don't want to be that old dad with kids in high school in my 60's **tldr** my first breakup and not sure if staying friends is a good idea or not.	😢
hey guys! am i crazy? lool i think i'm becoming a selfish human being since after my break up (6 year relationship). i literally just think about how i can benefit myself and i just enjoy being by myself n doing my own thing. i wasn't ever this type of person though, is this normal after a break up? oh! & i started talking to this guy and i do like him but sometimes i just want to skip the whole 'get to know you' process. like i just expect us to like each other and it's either we serious or not (absolute madness i know) oh well. hope everyone is having a good day!	😂
anyone else just messed up from middle school politics ? like you had to act that watching cartoons, playing video games, playing outside, and owning toys was "childish" even though you all probably still participated in that. i used to watch my little pony cartoon when i was in 6th grade because 1) i was a little girl 2) grew up with them, so imagine how it impacted me when kids made fun of that because only "creepy" people liked it. bitch i was a child. now because of instances like that i have problems telling people about my interests. thank you middle school classmates	🙃
people so fake they don't pee on me when they see me but when my dog see me he excited pee all over me :-)	😔
does anyone else get nervous or anxious to post on reddit? there are tons of things i'd love to share, but i watch so many people get speared. i'm posting here, because it was suggested as a good way to start. the anxiety of people i don't know slamming me is stressful. just wondering if anyone else felt this way or did in their lurker-only days?	😂
what if we kissed... at the mcdonald's playland twirly slide	😳
everybody gangsta till the daddy issues start talkin now is not the time 4 that .. we are supposed to be vibing	😐
help this lonely person celebrate there 13th bday this sunday you probably don't really care but i'm pretty lonely at school and my bday is this sunday so all i wish is to be noticed so please just wish me a happy birthday maybe	😀
my (25f) married boss (37m) hired me, had an affair with me and is now threatening me. sorry - accidentally deleted! this is a doozy. i'll try and sum it up. i already know i've made terrible decisions 2019 and i've been feeling the guilt for days so no need to let me have it. i'm more curious what i now have to do in this situation and i'm relying on y'all for better perspective. 4 months ago i was messaged by current boss (let's call him todd) on a networking site saying he wanted to bring me on in restaurant management. i had a photo on here. this is a place that is franchised and i go regularly as does my family to this location. he's the head chef. i was hired. throughout the 4 months he steadily flirted with me, always touching me, making comments. i never thought anything of it as he does it to anyone and he's married. todd continually texted me outside of work. when i wouldn't respond i'd get a "really?!..." or some comment about how long it took me. the job promised promotions and felt as though it was going nowhere. todd approached me one day after work for a drink at the bar, which was normal. he offered to drive me home and immediately started rubbing my leg, trying to kiss my hand. he was charming and i knew it was completely wrong. somehow we stated kissing and then i backed off, asked him what he was doing. i said "you're married." he looked disappointed somehow that i knew this and maybe thought i didn't... i asked if he had an open relationship, he said no. he asked if he said he could come inside, i said i wasn't comfortable with it and had no idea what he wanted. the job was going nowhere, and i felt i was hired by todd as his object of amusement because he liked my photo. this was a place i enjoyed being at though. i felt it was best to move on so i gave my notice the next day. hadn't returned since or really talk to him after. i got a text the next week and we both stupidly drunkenly met up, at his house actually. *their house.* i knew it was terrible and stupid and somehow... went anyway. i know.... that night i almost felt sympathy because he said how unhappy he was and would just stare and me and say how wished it was me and life was unfair. if he could trade places he would. he wanted to change his situation and wished i was his girl instead. (blah, blah.) i didn't ask him any questions or ask him to say any of this but it felt like he was just confiding in me. i simply responded that i'd meet him where he was at with this. it felt like he genuinely confessed something to me. **here it goes:** the next week i heard nothing from todd. when he's always texting me. i said we should meet and talk. he said there's nothing to talk about. i said we should just go over it. he said it's not complicated, don't over think it. (*dating a married man isn't complicated okay*) he kept ignoring me the next week. i finally called, and said if he feels like this i'm not just a booty call and it would've been nice to hear from him. he totally shut down and responded by saying he has no time for me and kept yelling at me saying "i expect answers like i'm in 12th grade" and to get over it. he then messaged me saying he felt sick to his stomach and i deserved the world. i couldn't keep up and i'm still confused rn tbh... he sent me a text just now saying something like he's 'going to block my number, if i ever contact him, if i ever see him again, if i ever go to his place of work, he has friends and cousins who are members of the police. and he will contact his friends' ???? this is a place i visited. worked. had parties at. i'm still owed money from the bar. i feel like i'm being harassed and threatened into never showing up again when he has no grounds to do this. he has only worked there 8 months. i did for 4 of them. it's like i was just hired as amusement and used. i've accepted we both obviously made bad choices here. but now it's like i'm being silenced and harassed. i think he's just afraid of his wife knowing obviously. i'm not sure how to approach this, or even how to return to this place, for my money or parties as usual. as the other woman i've been feeling like absolute shit. and would the wife even want to know...?!! any advice is welcome.... **update**: i did talk to hr anonymously and she said if i report it, because it's franchised it would be up to the owners to make a decision. he's been there under 1 yr. **tldr;** married boss hired me and hit on me and we hooked up. i quit and am still owed money from work and he's threatening me into never returning.	😔
is the stripper included with the nightclub? no youll have to hire em, damn aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa	😔
music industry convo! hey everyone, i'm doing an entrepreneurship project about music industry professionals' experiences. i just want to get a sense of how everyone's navigating the industry or if there are recurring challenges that many have faced if you're interested, feel free to pm or just chat in the comments	😊
r/unsentletters wont let me post anything	😭
i (24 f) am about to text my ex (26 m) because i am pathetic... i know i shouldn't but i'm struggling and i know we both still care about way other. we broke up because of commitment: i gave an ultimatum and he's not ready. we were complicated but mostly happy and together almost a year. i have been numb and depressed and having issues in my life that are made harder not having him. i'm used to being alone and don't mind not being in a relationship, but i'm lonely and the thought of actually getting over him is too much. i can't even imagine being with anyone else and i feel like i have no control. i've already typed out this text i want to send and just planning to send it tomorrow is making me feel better and more calm. i don't know if i'm asking for advice or venting or want to have my mind changed, but i appreciate any comments, even the ones telling me how stupid this is tl;dr loving someone who can't commit is the worst and the breakup is even harder to deal with.	😭
friends [19/f] of four years keep teasing and giving me [20/m] mixed signals, don't know what to understand or what to do .. help? i don't even know where to start we've been friends for four year now . first two year through high-school: **--> year 1** * we've never been friends before and we we're kinda friends in a small group of 5. *nothing happened much first year , but we did hang a lot with each other **--> year 2** * showed interest in her heavily, never admitted anything however. *we did slightly compliment each other , but she definitely did send mixed signals: * i'd say my outfit looks a bit bad , and she'd say i look "perfect ". *we awkwardly talked about marriage and that she wanna be married a bit late (she opened the subject when we were alone) *she never in a conversation mentioned a guy , always avoids talking about people she likes nor did i . the most i did was tell her about a girl that's bugging me while obviously ensuring her that i don't like her .. *she had many people interested in her , through high school, most guys have already tried with her and failed. she never had a boyfriend, and her personality is really vogue as she doesn't mention anything related to that term . *i'd like to think that she likes me or showed some interest in me , but she never told me anything which nor clearly showed me . * we teased each others a lot . **--> year 3** finished high school, didn't see her much as she lives in a different city , we stayed a bit connected through social media . **--> year 4** we enrolled in two different universities. i don't see her much . she became friends with a lot of new people, for some reason she doesn't talk about them in front of me , or talks briefly as she doesn't wanna get into it . we met yesterday which had my peace of mind go crazy about her. we went out with two more fiends and drank and had fun. we go back to the dorm room and just awkward love/a bit of lust energy is there between us .. i do her makeup as a joke and i swear i can't take my eyes of her lips , i told her that she's beautiful always in my mind so it's hard to know whenever the makeup is actually good or not .. she told me various stuff about my skin and that am looking good (in her makeup) . maybe not as much as me but she definitely teased me .(other obvious teasing incidents happened too) i mean sure we could be just friends , but that's way far from how any friend would be acting from both of us (more from me i know) , and this awkward lovish/lustish tension isn't something i have with any of my "friends". why mixed signals? she constantly denies it , she never fully expressed herself to me , she goes out with bunch of people and never expressed or talks about them while she clearly is friends/ or have some sort of connection with them , she is ok with me being touchy and at first she really likes it (assuming of curse), but then she slowly goes away while the only thing on my mind would holding her , she'd be talking about other stuff . she teased me but never came to the point where it's obvious that she likes me , but it was never "just friends thing " as well .. **i'm confused as hell , because i never in my whole life wanted someone more than her , and i never fully told her the truth because i don't think i wanna ruin things with her or my potential future chances ** tl;dr: friend of 4 years keep teasing me and giving mixed signals , madly in love with her but i don't wanna risk it until i'm certain she'e into me as well .. what should i do?	😔
*laughs in chill parents* i've been seeing a bunch of posts about parents not respecting privacy. that sucks but also: my parents fucking buy me condoms suckas we really out here.	😎
i got put on the worst instagram wall what even is this. i just got a message from a kid in theater saying someone put all my pics on a wall and i was ranked 35. who even has the time to judge how other people who a website, lol i'm tempted to open just to see how ridiculous it is but also feel tempted to delete the messages in case i'm somehow bombarded with people who don't like me for some reason i didn't think my page sucked that bad lol	😔
wouldn't it be funny if a glass pane fell from a skyscraper and decapitated me in a painless way haha jk unless	😳
they have a switch case but no sub or dom cases we live in a society	😔
i'm colorblind and i tried enchroma glasses today! i literally screamed. a friend of mine is also colorblind and he got the glasses as a present from his mom. i was sitting outside with a group and he let me try them. i looked over at some trees and screamed "what color are those trees?!?!" they were such a beautiful color! they were like an auburn color but i only saw green and brown. and there were flowers that looked grey to me but with the glasses they were pink! it was so amazing! i was so excited to look around and see things i didn't realize i had missed out on.	😂
anyone whos 5'9 or taller, shrink for me plz or else ill dissolve ur ankles and delete ur knee caps, then rip out ur spine like im opening a ziploc bag pretty plz	😊
i have to pee but i am 10000 feet in the air and the seatbelt sign is on	😤
are any of y'all tired of being ugly like shit is different when ugly ugly	😔
is there something wrong with steam? im trying to make a new account and ive been trying to get through a captcha for like 30 minutes. am i just stupid or something? i got some other people to try and we can't get passed	😂
y'all out here asking why you can't get a girlfriend but have discord installed if you're really that lonely go simp for xxbunniixkittenxx connor	🙄
i wish i could cut my hair fucking lockdown smh. i can't go to the barber's yet but what can i do	🙄
me when i'm alright: clean potato of sleepiness and happiness; me when i'm anxious: stressed potato of farts. like, whenever i'm even a slightly bit anxious, my stomach is like "nope. i'm giving up. don't let anybody come near you. and run to the toilet every five minutes or so" what's your body's response to stress/anxiety?	😂
my friend's boyfriend (30 m) is incredibly possessive and constantly makes her (29f) cancel plans with me. (28 f) so my friend rachel* and i have been friends for about six months now. we get along great and we have a lot in common and have the best time together. when i first met rachel, she was having a hard time with her boyfriend, danny* and she told me that she's happy to have me to hang out with, because danny never wants to go anywhere. after a few weeks, she invites me over for dinner one night and when i get there, she and danny are arguing about groceries and the house. she had the house cleaned and he messed it up and wouldn't clean up after himself. i just awkwardly sat on the couch and petted the cats while they argued. finally, she came back into the living room and apologized for that, and we decided to watch a movie. danny kept popping in every two minutes and continued to egg her on about where the groceries should go, and she kept getting up to do whatever he complained about. the night was very awkward and uncomfortable. i left and haven't been back to her house since. danny is a very whiny person and i really, really dislike him. i'm cordial with him, but i've stopped going to her house because of him. i've strictly decided to hang out with rachel only if danny isn't involved in our plans. i haven't actually told her this, but i'm considering it. rachel and danny recently got in a huge fight where he called her something really horrible and she called me crying, so that night i took her out for dinner and drinks to make her feel better. she went in further depth about her relationship and how she sometimes feels trapped with him because she is financially dependent on him and how he is overbearing and possessive. i told her that she should cut it off, because she's been with him for 3 years and he's only gotten worse and she said that she was considering it. i told her if she needed anything to let me know, and if she had to move out unexpectedly, i'd help her. she thanked me for everything and then she went home. she's decided to work things out with him, only i know deep down that she just feels trapped and her family is encouraging her to stay with him. one day, she told me that we should save $20 a week to have a girls night out every weekend and i agreed. we planned one this week and when the day came, she cancelled because she said that danny just found out his office is closing in 2 years and he's upset about it and that she needed to stay home to console him. danny hates his job and has tried to leave it for something else for a while now... he just had an interview last week. i told her not to worry, that two years is plenty of clearance to find something new but if she had to stay home then ok. i was really mad. i didn't let her know that. why would a grown ass man be so upset that he demands to be coddled and make his gf stay home? my mother has a similar relationship with my father. in fact, this is almost parallel to that. my mom is always canceling plans because my dad throws fits if he's not invited. cut to the next day, we postponed our lunch to have that day. i text her that i'm in town and i can pick her up. no answer. i text her again 20 minutes later. no answer. i call her. no answer. i eventually give up and go home, letting her know that i was disappointed she wasn't coming. she texts me that night saying that she was so sorry, she and danny were running errands together all day and he need some help with his resume. i suggested lunch for today and she said she'd have to ask if that was ok with danny. i said don't worry about it and have ignored her texts since then. i feel like crap. i know that she is not falling out on purpose, because she is a very genuinely person. i know this is all 100% danny and his needy ass. i'm so tired of it. a month ago, i invited her to go see a movie and bought our tickets and we agreed to meet at the theater. a day later, she sheepishly tells me that danny really wants to go, and if i wouldn't mind buying his ticket and that they'd pay me back on payday. i felt kind of cornered but agreed. movie day came, didn't see them anywhere. give up looking for them and grab my seat. i text her asking if they're here and no reply. 20 minutes after the movie starts, they shuffle in the theater. i was pissed. not only did this man invite himself and crash our plans, i had to pay for his ticket, they came in late, and he never thanked me. come to find out, he forced her to include him in the plans and the reason they were late was because he was mad and they were fighting. i've told her time and time again that this guy is a toxic man child and she agrees but never goes through leaving him. my patience is running out and at this point, i just feel hurt and angry. i don't want to cut off our friendship because if she needs me, especially if they break up, i want to be there for her. i don't know if i should have a talk with her about this or just keep her at arms length. either way, i feel like crap. i'm angry at both of them, but i also know that she's vulnerable and relies on him for everything, so i understand why she prioritizes him first, but i'm really sick of this man. if he wasn't in the picture, rachel and i wouldn't have any problems. tl;dr my friend's boyfriend is incredibly possessive and starts fights if she wants to have girls night plans with me. he keeps forcing her cancel and i'm so sick of it. i'm not sure how to handle it but i don't want to stop being friends because of it. i need advice.	🙄
nobody knew today was my birthday. outside of my family members, i don't think more than 3 people remembered it was my birthday. i'm not really upset about it, but being a 17 year old guy you would think more of my friends would remember. i guess people are already starting to forget about me before college even starts. on a good note, i just met a really cute girl who is super cool so that's good. how are the rest of you guys doing today?	😅
how do i make online friends? i'm (18f) kind of introverted so i haven't been very social during the pandemic. i've always wanted to have online friends because it seemed easier and less socially draining than irl friends, but i never know how to get them. i've tried joining discord servers and snapchat groups and stuff, but things usually dry up in a couple days and i never really connect with anyone. any advice would be helpful, thanks	😊
epic gamer win guys that awkward moment when manny heffley frames julius and ethel rosenberg for transmitting classified us government information to the soviets	😎
how do you forget someone? how do you forget someone? is it easy to move on? what is the fastest way to move on? i am going insane .	😭
ok why are my friends these days just cold towards me or just ignore me like bro what did i even do ;-;	😔
bruh i thought i lost a bunch of old pictures i wanted but i found them on my old hard drive plus now i have 1tb + 1tb + 500gb all ssds in my pc now lol	😁
transphobia ( and other hate ideologies ) make(s) no sense. like all these people use their time and energy to hate and try to actively dismantle people because of things they can't control. it's also so funny to me when these people love to cherry pick and misquote the bibe when they want to say gay people should be burned at the stake, but when they feel the need to justify their transphobia they are suddenly #teamscience and see it as their gospel (still with the same cherry picking and dis-proven sources). also, trans/homophobes: think of the children also trans/homophobes: \*sends children to conversion camps that permanently traumatizes and scars them for life\*	🥺
ummm wouldn't it be funny if someone dmed me and we talked i don't know i think it would be pretty funny	😳
here i go again ok so i posted here earlier about my issue with this guy and y'all really gave me the push i needed. i told him how i didn't like his habits and how i think he's a bad influence for me. i told him that i was better off without him and he told me that i couldn't break up with him, that he would change. ok first of all i never agreed to be his girlfriend because i knew that he would think he had power over me or something. he said that he loves me and that he wants to be with me. i told him that i really didn't want to see him or talk to him again. he texted my friend who i wasn't talking to anymore, so he can find out where i am. that kinda scared me.(this isn't something where he wants to hurt me or himself, he just wants to talk) i'm getting calls from random numbers which i'm blocking. i have so much stress with my work and exams that i have to do before monday and this is stressing me even more. i honestly really do like him or liked, he wasn't always like this, he helped me out with a lot of my shit and we had fun together, but i have to stop talking to him because this is not going to be good for me.	😐
swiping right on a feminist? okay i'm here a tad bit tipsy, i get on tinder because i got a match! i will admit i didn't read her bio, didn't know the fact it states "tall guys only". i sent her a light "should of read your whole poem . she loses it, than says all guys are stupid, which i lightly replied "some of the smartest minds were guys though" which of course makes her furious and tells me to go back to the middle east something camel. td;dr i'm black.	😔
my bf asked for space to better our relationship and take care of ourselves - found him on tinder. hi all! first, i apologize in advance for formatting as i'm on mobile, and second, i can't believe i ever was going to be the one posting here. and still, here i am. i (29f) have been with my bf for about a year. we've been through a bit of a rough patch as we both suffer from depression and he has become more and more withdrawn over the last month or so. i'm talking isolating, sleeping odd hours, and just being generally irritable. he also saw my old tinder profile and freaked out thinking i was cheating (never ever would) so we decided perhaps some space would be good so i went to stay with my friend for what i thought would be a few days. he said this would be good for us and make us stronger, and that he would focus on taking care of himself and i could come back home once we had some space. it turned into a week or more, and he would say he needed space and then keep texting/calling. saying how much he loves me and he's sorry it's so rough for us. it's honestly been hell. last night, we kind of had a breaking point and i went over there. we talked and seemed like we worked things out. he was super apologetic and vulnerable and i was happy that it seemed like we were back on track. then we started to fool around. his phone was next to me face up. it's 3am at this point and i see his screen light up with a notification. it was tinder. of course i stopped and asked exactly what the fuck *that* was about and asked him to show me. he refused and then deleted the profile and the app. he profusely apologized and said he didn't know why he did it, that he was in a weird space and that he'd never actually cheat on me. i don't know what to do. i feel like my trust is broken but i *do* believe he didn't have sex with anyone.. this time around. i have bent over backwards with compromising and accommodating him. he has been a damn good man to me for the most part, so this is really out of character for him. i know i'm a good woman and i care so much, but i feel like he didn't even respect me as his partner and was just treating our relationship and me as a common random person that doesn't matter. idk if i want advice or just someone to tell me i'm gonna be okay. thanks for reading. tl;dr: boyfriend is depressed, asked for space to strengthen our relationship and emotionally cheated by logging on tinder and matching with people	❤️
just had a meeting with my teacher about mt school progress later, virgins	😎
my pp is hard while playing botw because of shirtless link	😳
did i fuck it up? so i'm drunk rn and i am texting this girl who i am interested in and she seems interested in me. the problem is that i texted her at we wrote for a bit but she ended up leaving me on read after about 7-10 messages. i am really scared that i ruined iy by texting her while drunk and i don't wanna ruin anything and i feel like i have ruined it and i am about to cry	😭
stuck in the line for the canadian border we've been here for like 2 hours and i already did all my math work and napped lmfao now what? im losing my mind slowly but surely gang g a n g	😔
i have so many cute videos i wanna send to my shawty my shawty dont exist tho	😔
help i asked a girl to a dance and i don't know what to do. help!	😳
do guys really find thighs attractive? or like only skinny girl thighs, just wondering	🤔
- by getting permanently banned from all religious education and exams so, this actually happened 9 years ago, but a post reminded me of it. i'm from the uk, i grew up in a small country village and spent most of my time in the local town out messing about/drinking (i was 15, shock and horror). i was in my final year at secondary school, the year before i hadn't studied religious education as it clashed with another class of mine. so as i walked into our first class of the year i saw our teacher who is often referred to as "the green giant" which is a reference to a cartoon character because he was over 7ft tall and me being the cocky bastard said "what's up john?", massive mistake. he pointed at the door and bellowed for me to get out, go to the office and never come back. i personally thought this was a massive over reaction, never come back? turns out, the old fellow wasn't messing about, usually i'd just skip the office and go do something else at this point but i was baffled by his outburst i decided to just go to the office, the head of my year turned up and let me know that i wasn't to return to his lessons ever again. i thought "great! i was barely taught anything in those lessons anyway!", shrugged it off and used that lesson time to do coursework. fast forward to the end of the year when you take most of your exams (gcse's) in the uk, it was the day of the re exam and i had already planned out what i was going to put in the exam as i had spent my own time prepping for it, and felt better off than i would of been other wise. i turn up to the exam later that day and bam, my head of year is there (guy looked like count dracula and walked around with his hands behind his back, once asked me how he knew my family better than me, but that's another story), so this guy puts a hand up and walked infront of me, causing me to walk into his hand. "no tom, you were banned from any and all re lessons and exams", i was furious, this was an easy exam, it only counted as a half grade but i was trying to get into college and study physcology, computer science and music technology. i walked away very frustrated. i later found out that calling the re teacher by his name had only exacerbated my situation and they were trying to find a way to keep me as far away from that subject as possible. as a kid and even to this day i love asking the question "but why?", i love knowing more information and this would be great for school right? wrong. learn what they tell you and don't question it. my school was not a christian school, it had no religious aligning. so when i worked out that 88% of 3 years of teaching my re teacher provided was about christianity, i was shocked and honestly a bit disturbed. i presented this to our head teacher and was assured it would be dealt with. it wasn't and i got told by a teacher after i left that the school was worried i would bring this situation public attention and damage the schools reputation as the re teacher refused to teach anymore about other religions as he didn't believe in them. p.s i didn't get into those courses for a couple of reasons out of my control, but just finished my first year of full-time work in the job/industry i love. it all works out in the end if you keep trying tl;dr: i called my re teacher by his first name and had worked out he refused to equally teach us all religions and got banned from all religious classes and exams.	😎
i (25f) worry i'll never be over my ex boyfriend (25m) or be in that type of relationship again. advice and anecdotes please! "tyler" and i dated for 3.5 years, and we even lived together for about a year our junior year of school. we started off madly in love but as time went on we fought a lot. at some point while living together i stopped being into our sex life...i took him for granted and he honestly deserved better. but we still had this incredibly close relationship and way of making each other laugh and reading each other's minds. there's no better, more sweet and fun guy than tyler. even if we weren't right for each other. finally, i broke it off and he warned me that if we broke up for good we couldn't just get back together like we had done in the past. we parted ways. i miss him almost every single day, reddit. or i miss what we had. i was close to this human in a way i've never been before or since and i just long for it. i've tried countless other relationships, one lasting 6 months, two short 3 month flings. nothing was right or moved into that closer, real love. i'm just worried i'll never find love again. we aren't guaranteed or promised anything in this life, maybe that was my shot and i blew it. i've "moved on" and had a lot of outward success but i'm just lonely and i want that deep relationship again. will things get better? i'm attractive, in great shape, very extroverted and social,have a great career and travel. and i just wonder why i can't find my person when so many people seem to have:/ tl;dr sad girl misses her ex and wants to find that long lasting love	❤️
i slept shirtless for the first time and it feels good. but only because my family isn't home this week and i'm too insecure about my body text so automod doesn't remove the post	😔
i'm shaped like a pear i want to have tits filler filler filler filler filler	😔
best tips to fall asleep came across something that has just angered me and i cannot go to sleep. i know i should get off my phone but i'm bored. i have 8 hour shift in a few hours too	😢
i want to learn how to stop my negative mindset... soooo... i've been on "the grind" lately. going to school, going to work, going to the gym, repeat. it's great, don't get me wrong. i love the feeling of satisfaction i get after i complete everything i need to do for the day. here comes the problem... i do all these things and feel great, but then feel dread and anxiety when i think about the fact that i have to keep going to the gym 4-5 days a week to get the results i want. the fact that i have to go to school 3 days a week, every week, for the next few months. my problem is once i get everything done i feel great until i think of the fact that i have to keep doing all this every single day, over and over again. maybe my problem is i don't have enough variety of things going on in my day, but i'm not sure. it kinda feels like that one episode of spongebob where squidward moves to that new apartment and he does the same thing every single day. he likes it at first, but within a few days he's miserable. anyone relate? anyone got any tips they could give me?	😅
i wish people were more considerate of my feelings it's always "get the fuck out of my house how did you break in" and never "how's the fuck out of my house how did you break in"	😢
i'm about to flex on you guys again my mom grounded me	😎
do you guys like lana, top, melanie, halsey, etc? i don't actually know anyone in real life who likes alternative artists like i do so... yeah haha	😂
heyo, i 'm a bored boi you could dm me maybe jkjk unless? kinda been bored and lonely recently sooo dm me if you're down to talk, who knows maybe we'll end up being friends lol	😳
happy father's day to the fatherless out there! who needs a dad anyways	😂
i feel like a free taxi (21f) i live in an area where gas is $3-4/gallon. most of my friends don't have a car so they ask me to drive. i don't mind doing it but i actually can't afford the gas. they've mentioned tossing me a few bucks here and there but never have. i once actually filled up my tank with them in the car, hoping they'd sauce some money over but just didn't. i wanna hang out with my friends and enjoy them but i actually can't afford to keep up with being their free uber driver tldr; my friends mooch off me for gas	😭
what's your stance on the use of emojis on reddit? c'mon, tell me. to me it's completely ok but you should never overdo it.	😀
75 days without dad it's been 75 days since my dad committed suicide. i'm not sure how i have gotten through the last two and a half months. i miss him very much. i'm devastated. i feel as though i've been grated by a huge cheese grater and then left to drown in sulphuric acid. i'm still not entirely sure if i'm over the shock of it all. i was totally numb for a whole month. i didn't cry on the day we found him, i didn't cry at the funeral, i just didn't feel a single thing. now i'm feeling a lot more, white hot anger, gut opening anxiety, inescapable sadness- it's so consuming. how long will i be consumed by this? i'm so scared for what is to come in my life. who else will die? how will i ever be a person after this? will my brother commit suicide in the future? is anyone ever happy again after their dad fucking kills himself ?! i don't know what to do with my life anymore. i don't know if i can carry on. i don't think that there is any point to my life. every time i think about christmas i cry. the first of all future christmases without dad. dads are supposed to be with their children at christmas, i've never had a christmas without him. how can i possibly celebrate anything ever again. i feel very hopeless. i don't know why this had to happen to my dad or to me and my brother. what shit lives we are going to live. thanks dad	👍
keep up what you're doing. i know that it's you, and it doesn't bother me one single bit. your attempts just brings laughter to me every day you're just making an ass out of yourself and making yourself look more pathetic and desperate everyday. you can try to hack or request password changes to any and all internet accounts that i have. if you want them so bad maybe i should just give you some? you can call where my friends work and say that it's me and curse out people. they know it's not me. you can use your fake names on accounts to post things, but we all know it's you. you can sign up my email for a thousand more spam pages, because i never see them and they end up in my spam folder. how long have you been my number one fan for now? well over a year. i can maybe send you an autograph? nothing that you do you small pathetic excuse of a human being affects me, it just make me feel more and more sad about you. keep up what you're doing and keep letting me know that you spend so much of your free time thinking of me so i can keep laughing ever day :-)	😊
what is wrong with me lol have u ever felt like u could see urself? like some things u do u could almost picture seeing urself out of ur own body..? derealization im pretty sure it's called but it's really kewl but kinda scary also im kinda really sad that new promised neverland episode is literally just a recap	😐
i accidentally reset my nofap counter this morning so i just fapped to fix it i'm living 4 dimensions ahead	😤
later virgins i got a mosquito bite on my dick, which means i got my dick sucked. later virgins	😎
when he hints at wanting tit pics.. again like damn.. maybe i'd give in if you asked me out instead	😔
i just turned 13 in december, so now i'm officially a teenager! sorry that i'm late for posting this, i didn't have reddit then and i forgot to post it :/ oops, i wrote all of that into the title. my bad	😅
things to say to my gf anything wholesome to just text to her to make her seem more interested in me	😎
okay, time to decide this. what is the best group on r/teenagers? by group i mean age. who is the most coolio out of them all? i think i already know but i won't say to not be biased	😎
people praise sidewalks for keeping them off the streets... but what about nooses? they help keep me from hitting rock bottom for legal reasons: suicide is never the answer. if you are struggling with depression and have suicidal thoughts find a trusted person whom you can confide in. seek help.	😎
lol i gave my dog grape cottencandy and it was sooooo cute to watch it's probably really bad for him, but it was sooo cute because he took it so he yalu and then tried to walk to his bed and the part in his mouth dissolved and so the rest fell to the ground, and it happened the whole time he was walking. he's so adorable	😂
goodbye loves im burnt out have a good day <3	😔
tell me your questions for an 18f teen and i'll do my best to answer them! i'm just a senior procrastinating on work so give me your questions (girl stuff, highschool stuff, college stuff, whatever)	😊
hehehe my birthday is 69 yea baby	😎
haha i wont have to buy condoms until i move out because i found them in my moms cabinet	😎
there's this guy at the gym that remind me of my mom alright so about half ish? a year ago i started going to the gym. for about 4 months i have seen this guy. at first i used to see him occasionally. like one time here then 2 days later i'd see him again etc stuff like that. but for about 4 months now i've seen him every day. i've switched up the times i go to t the gym and i still see him.. he always looks at me like he disapproves. he has this poker face most of the time that literally looks like this emoji when he doesn't have that face he's usually frowning. sometimes he waits for me to finish using something and i always clean the stuff i was using but then like he sees that i just cleaned but he goes and cleans it again before using it -_- like wut.. what's the point? like i said, he looks at me with so much disapproval. and i've tried figuring it out why lmao but nothing works. like do you think i'm too weak? can't be bc i lift more than him. like i shower every day, i'm not too bad looking (i've heard asian parents are pretty big on those types of things which is why i'm mentioning them...) but yeah.. can't figure out why lmao which is why he reminds me of my mom :) he's mid 40s i think	😐
i (m27) met a girl (f23) and things improved quickly, but now she wants to slow down a really good looking girl texted me in tinder a few days before christmas. i was actually thinking about texting her myself, but didn't feel confident enough. i actually swipe in tinder from time to time, but rarely text to girls and if i do, we don't get conversation going and never meet irl. this time it was all different, we got conversation running very smoothly (i'd call myself introvert and find it hard to talk to strangers). she was like a lot into me even though we hadn't met yet. a few days later, i arranged a date after the christmas. we had a nice dinner and quite long walk afterwards. i sent her to door and we had a little kiss, before going our own way. then she called me to her apartment to watch a movie. we slept together, but didn't have sex (she had that women thing, maybe we would otherwise). third date was in cinema and then ended up at her place again, but nothing still happened because of the same reason. she really looked in love to me already and i kind of started feeling the same way. first day into the new year, went to her place again, this time we bad sex, which wasn't really as good as i expected, both of us were like hurrying and not enjoying it too much (she wasn't really in too good mood that day, maybe that's why). two days later, she texted me that we should slow down and not hurry into relationship, because she is having some stressful times, bad mood, low self-esteem (which is true, she criticises her body way too much, even though she has some extra pounds compared to pictures from a year ago) etc. i texted answered that i understand and agree that we shouldn't hurry. but also said to her, that maybe that was because of that night, which didn't really go by the plan. she said, that sex wasn't really that bad and that's not a reason. she also told me that i am a very special guy and even if we won't end up together, she is really happy to have met me. and also asked that we should chill out on sunday again. btw we are chatting in messenger all the time, every day. but before that last night together, she was like sending me kiss emojis sometimes, now all she sends is hugging emoji, when wishing good night. i am actually feeling really in love with her already, because she looks exactly the kind of girl i like. i'm okay with slowing it all down, but my main worry is, that i don't want to get into friend-zone with her and don't really know, what to do in this situation. would like to get some honest feedback about what you people think about this.. is she taking me more as a friend now, or does she really just want to slow down, even if she has the romantic feelings towards me.. oh that was one hell of a long story tldr: i met a girl in tinder, she fell for me before we even dated. and so did i, kind of. things were really good after first 3 dates, but she wanted to slow down after our 4th date (first time we had sex).	😁
describe your life story for me i just want to know about you people	🥺
yall imma be cancelled i found a video of me in 6th grade saying nigahiga but pronouncing niga *that* way	😔
anyone wanna talk music? i'm listening to the grateful dead right now but i love all kinds of music... i love 60s and 70s stuff like the beatles, neil young, bob dylan, the stones, as well as the more psychedelic bands from that era like the byrds, the animals, the 13th floor elevators, deep purple, as well as soul from that era marvin gaye, otis redding, sam cooke, aretha franklin, the temptations, the supremes, sam & dave, punk like dropkick murphys, rancid, television, velvet underground, the kinks, the pixies- metal like iron maiden, black sabbath, wolfmother, led zeppelin, tesla, guns & roses, yngway malmsteen, as well as other guitar greats like roy buchanan, jimi hendrix, freddie king, albert king, bb king, anything with eric clapton in it (gotta love those blues guys don't get enough credit), rap like logic, childish gambino, eminem and modern rock/indie like cage the elephant, tame impala, the growlers, grunge like alice in chains, pearl jam, screaming trees, blind melon, blues traveller, funk like sly and the family stone, funkadelic, curtis mayfield, instrumental bands like booker t and the mgs, the ventures- you know what... that's way too much to list my point is just talk music and message me i have a music taste to fit everyone	😂
that was scary... only one person maybe two people know what im talking about i forgot you had a bot im sorrryyy	😐
bored. might fuck around and become racist. who knows. filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	😐
sorry ladies "the fitnessgram pacer test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. the 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. line up at the start. the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal *boop*. a single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound *ding*. remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. the test will begin on the word start. on your mark, get ready, start." audio stays on repeat during sex	😎
just ate sushi im so bored bro omg	👍
today is my birthday! yep, i don't think anyone cares	😔
it's the 20th aniversery of 9/11 we will remember all those innocent lives that have been lost in this tragic day. all the cops and firefighters that have lost their lives trying to save people and all the lives our families have lost . we are here for you.	😔
how are you guys doing? i just made my first cup of tea a month after moving country and it was pretty bad. i miss being able to make a reliable cup of tea 3 times a day... other than that, been trying to get a summer job, finding out about driving lessons, and waiting till july 6th to get my ib highschool grades. life's pretty good, even with the absence of a decent cup of tea . how are you guys doing?	😁
my ambitions are killing me hello there, so, as said in the title, i think my high expectations for myself are driving me mad. i dream of living comfortably as an artist/illustrator and with the time passing by i feel like this is out of my range. basically i'm in my early 30s and i spent the last couple of years working on personal stuff and my portfolio and i wasn't even able to find a graphic designer position the last time i actively looked for work. and with time flying, hiding the holes in my curriculum is becoming like the amazon delivery guy putting your kitchenaid package under your doormat. so i guess working for a career is a bit game over for me. i also suffer from a bipolar disorder and hyperhidrosis, which both greatly impacted my life. the first one with its manic phases made most of my few friends steer away from me (i was totally nuts, thinking being a god and obsessed with numbers), and then drowned me in a depression that i've never really left since. the second is more rampant. i've had sweaty armpits (even in winter!) since puberty and this got me to draw away from social life little by little over the years, to the point of quitting my last job (a graphic designer one) mainly because of it. each morning taking the metro for 20 min was enough to get my armpits and tee-shirt soaked thru. one year of it, a pretty boring job (even if it was in luxury stuff near the eiffel tower) and summer coming back, i decided it was enough. to tell you, hyperhidrosis makes you sweat more when it's hot but it's mainly related to anxiety. so you're anxious of sweating and that simple fact makes you to actually sweat. what a nice deck life gave me! sad face. there's one good news though, i learned that it was possible to get botox (yeah like the freaks lips) injections reimbursed (yeah i'm in france) if done in a hospital. i managed to get an appointment... in october! summer will be hard again but this appointment still gives me a little hope. note that before having my bipolar disorder i used to make do with my sweat problem, but when the disorder appeared and ruined what i had in life, that made me focus more on the sweat and soon withdrew from everything. trying to create a new life and new friends proved to be harder than i expected. as said earlier, i then spent the last years working from my fapcave with a kind of "all or nothing" setting, aiming for excellence but i guess i just barely do good stuff. i used to switch between long working shifts and some time off. but over time the working shifts reduce and it's becoming long times off. you can check out some of my recent work on [instagram](<url>). i know i shouldn't focus on numbers but i can't help it and see that there's not much people interested in my stuff. and i don't want to become just another bitch running after work for nickels just for the sake of working. especially that due to my conditions i have some financial help from the government but if i decide to go freelance again i'll lose a part of it, so better find paying work. note that i tried changing tactics this winter and did found a place working for free in a non-profit organization. the team was nice but the work wasn't much creative and i lost motivation, so i kind of sneaked out like a raccoon after eating your cat food. over time my last few friends stopped talking to me as i guess they got sick of me saying every time that i'm depressed. one of the last things a friend told me is that i was too hard with myself. she also said 'with others too by the way' but i didn't really understood this one, as i don't talk with anyone anymore and i'm usually left without answers. so when the mood goes way down like theses times i try to also think of worse situations, like i could be black, gay, disabled and in russia, but that doesn't really help. i'm also accompanied by a psychiatrist, i blah-blah my life, get no judgement but that pretty much sums it up. she also pointed me towards groups of people with conditions like mine. but going there felt like a noodle necklace making workshop and turned out more depressing than being alone. i used to be throwing parties in old prisons and being involved in illegal stuff for fucc's sake! one last thing, ads featuring drawings of my ex-girlfriend (who i dumped like trash btw) recently popped out all over my city and this reminded me so much of what i'd like to do that's it's been really frustrating. so i'm finally turning to reddit, and expose myself to the wrath of the internet, but whateves. i guess it's a bit of a " what's the meaning of life ? " question and i don't know if 42 can help, but at least it helps me to write things down. thanks for reading my shit.	😭
to all the nice girls i graduated with my degree and i packed my bags and moved to a new state by myself. i had so much anxiety about not making girl friends but i am so thankful for the girls i met. for some reason, girls are always harder to befriend then boys but i thank god every day that there are loving, caring, and thoughtful girls out there and that i've been introduced to a few of them. thank you for making this scary part of my life amazing.	❤️
i just had the best night ever so i sprained my foot a week ago, still hurts like hell this was all last night. anyways there was a carnival going on 5 minutes away walking distance from me. could drive 2 minutes as an alternative as well. it has rides and was going to have fireworks too.i was planning on not going tho bc my foot. however i get a text from my friend who i also have a huge crush on that says "you should come over here, they got snacks and you, me, and a few other friends can hang out. i downed some painkillers and went. we had a good time. later on we went and sat in the grass to watch fireworks and didn't really know where the rest if the group went. they started. then she slowly started to inch closer to me and hugged me. so there we are watching fireworks and cuddling on the grass. then during it, she kissed me on the cheek. i didn't know how to take it, until she did it like 5 times more. i looked at her and the fireworks were not as bright as her eyes in the moment. she put her arms around my neck and we kissed. she told me she liked me and has for a long time. i told her the same. now we are going out but then i woke up	😂
i ain't like other girls because i have schizophrenia	😎
trying to clean my laptop fan so when i got home and put my laptop on my desk, i noticed it made a jangle-y sound. i instinctively flipped it over and took the bottom off to see what was wrong, and saw a screw had come loose and fallen out. it didn't take long to find where it went so easy fix. i figured while i had the bottom off i'd give it a dust since it had been a while. i saved the fan for last since it's usually the dirtiest. while i cleaned it, dust was falling back on the rest of the clean parts so i went to disconnect it, but it wasn't pulling out like it usually did. i grabbed a pair of pliers from my toolkit so as to have a better grip, but the teeth slipped and nicked a cable, breaking it. i panicked as this is my only computer for school, work, and personal use and i can't afford to go without it for long. i half-heartedly thought "it'll probably still work, the other cables are fine". unfortunately this was not the case and the computer quickly became quite hot so i shut it off. after this i immediately ordered a replacement fan which will arrive within a week, i can borrow computers from my school until then. fingers crossed the new one works tl;dr laptop had loose screw (easy fix) so i decided to clean while the cover was of. tried to remove fan and broke a cable rendering it useless. edit: <url>	🙃
my (21f) bestfriend (22m) didn't tell me that he was engaged he's been such a good friend of mine for about half of my life and i couldn't be more grateful for him. but i realized how much of a jerk he was when i had to find out from his mom that he was engaged. to a woman that i don't like. that he was with for less than a year. like, he was supposed to be my bestfriend and he couldn't even tell me that he was engaged wtf. but at the same time i can kind of see why he didn't tell me because we had a falling out last year at his birthday party because of her. she was being shady towards me and i called her out. of course he took her side so i stopped talking to him and then he apologized to me because he missed me. his mom called me around christmas and boasted about him getting engaged. i was obviously confused but i didn't tell her that because it was embarrassing that i was his bestfriend and wasn't one of the first to know. i simply just texted him and said, "your mom told me you were engaged." he called me and he was just really happy and excited like he didn't forget to tell me and then he told me that he wanted me to be his best woman. he already had a best man but he wanted me to be up there too. (he's dumb sometimes don't mind him). i just asked him how he wanted me to be a best woman at a wedding that i didn't even know about. he said that he was gonna tell me but he was caught up. i asked him how he would feel if i were to be engaged and not tell him but he just made a joke out of it. he keeps saying, "i'm not letting you get married because he's gonna take you away from me." yeah whatever. i just told him that i had something to do and then hung up. he texted me a few hours later saying that he was serious about me being in his wedding and was telling me what he wanted me to wear. i just lied and told him that i couldn't go. i don't want to be in his wedding. i don't want to be near his wife. i don't want to be near him. he's fakkkeee. a fake friend. he randomly sent me a link to that "we don't talk anymore" song and i just replied, "you're so corny lol." then he says, "i miss you " i just replied with "ohh" and then went about my day. he obviously feels guilty about not telling me because he's been sending me old pictures of us when we were younger non-stop. he's also been subtweeting me a lot, like when he posted a throwback embarrassing picture of me and then after that made a post that said "i don't think there's anything that hurts more than being abandoned by someone you were once so close to." as you can see, he's very sensitive and in touch with his emotions so i'm not surprised that he's getting married so quickly. but i wish he would've told me. he would've been one of the first to know had it been me. i don't think he's a good friend to me anymore and if i could randomly just stop talking to him, i would but he doesn't play those games. he knows how to make me feel extremely guilty into talking to him. tl;dr: my bestfriend of 9 years didn't tell me that he was engaged. i had to find out from his mom and i don't want to be friends with him anymore because that's so messed up to me.	😔
boyfriend (m20) wants more sexual experience and i (f19) don't know what to do now.. soo my boyfriend and i have been together for 3 years now and we are very happy most of the time. recently he told me that he wasn't sure anymore and that he felt like he is missing out on things. he then wanted to break up with me but decided not to because he felt like it might be the wrong choice. he still loves me very much, we have sex quite often, it's not like the relationship isn't working anymore. but he also still feels like he is missing out on life and that he should gain more sexual experience. we decided not to break up yet but to work on some issues within the relationship. i think we can succeed but i don't know what to think about this other thing. i always feel like it is worth missing out on some things if i can be with him. but it hurts that he doesn't feel the same way... i'm to jealous for an open relationship and i don't think a threesome will help much i don't know what to do?! he says i can't do anything and that i am perfect and that it isn't my fault.. what do you guys recommend apart from breaking up with him so that he can go and enjoy his single life..	😂
i (19f) posted a nude artistic picture of myself and now am suffering retaliation from my parents tldr: i really need some advice for my relationship with my parents. right now i can't be dealing with another emotional meltdown and must spend my time being mentally healthy, not fighting my parents. so, a couple weeks ago, my photographer friend (21 (i guess) f) invited me (19f) to make a photoshoot of myself, in order to help her business grow. she likes taking nude pictures of people, and my parents knew that. they agreed to take me where the photoshoot would be (about 3 hours away) but told me that i should be cautious about what kind of picture she would be taking of me (they meant nudes). i said ok and i went there with my father - at this point i wasn't going to pose naked at all. but when me and my friend were in the woods to shoot, i realized how amazing nude pictures among nature would be. so i asked her to portrait me naked (but not the entire body, just from waist to face). i didn't tell my parents that, but they were suspicious of me and asked if i did it. i said yes, because i don't like lying to them. and of course they got really mad at me and told me not to post it to the internet. guess what? i posted it (nipples censored because society). not because i wanted to fight them or something, but for art and feminism (you can see the point i was trying to make and the picture in my ig profile @raquel.perim). if you guys want, i can translate it to you (it's in portuguese). days went by and only yesterday my mother found out about the post (someone probably told her). again, she and my father got mad and very disappointed at me and asked me to delete it. i said i wouldn't, told them it is only my decision to make. now, as a retaliation, there no longer is wifi at home 🏻 very mature way to handle family issues. i believe things around here might get emotionally quite tense between us, which makes me really sad. i need to negotiate a solution with them asap but i don't know what to do. well, one more thing: i also am gay, and they don't know about it. you guess why. and this whole situation makes me wonder how little they truly understand me. how is my perspective of my future like? i can only feel hopeless about it. i could never share my life with them as a normal person. right now i feel miserable and alone.	👍
n u t about 30-45 minutes ago i beat the fuck out of my dick so goddamn hard that my left leg has went totally numb my dick has also went totally numb to the point where it feels weird when i take a piss thank you for coming to my ted talk	😎
today some random guy gave me his snapchat i was sitting at a restaurant at the window seat and this guy from outside the window put his phone to the glass with his snap code pointing at me and i added him back later virgins	😎
i just found one of my christmas presents by accident i didnt mean to i was just looking for batteries, sorry mom and dad.	😳
my girlfriend and i don't go to the same school but it works out okay because we live near each other and we go over to each other's houses quite frequently. actually it might be better this way because i need to actually study in school.	😔
i still think abt that cannabis cafe ive been to last year in amsterdam i swear this is where i'll relocate when i get the money	😳
hey girl, are you kelvin? cos next to you, i look like an absolute zero	😔
my friend has recently adopted the pronouns they/them and wish to be called "kai" so my friend (not kai) and i were backstage one day, and we were talking about them, and i said "she- wait- they, i'm talking about kylie- no, kai. so she- wait, i'm so sorry." and she laughed her ass off and said "i'm so happy that you tried so hard" and i awkward-laughed with her	😂
woke up early, good morning! hey guys what's up? i went to bed early (8.30pm lol don't judge me) so of course i wake up way too early (4 instead of 7am). it's almost 5.30 now, so i've been very productive and watched a lot of memes. thinking of doing some yoga now i have this much time lol. what are you guys doing? i also have a different question as i'm up early so can't think straight. was dating this guy but he cancelled our 4th date and hasn't rescheduled and i want some d, shall i hit him up or not? don't think he still wants to but it's early and i cant think clearly so i've already typed out the message and just need to send. my besties are all asleep but the kitty wants an answer	😂
if you need a friend, i'm here! [deleted]	❤️
big wins on twitter today, 3 retweets on my art i know i know, hitting the big leagues. maybe soon horny yoda will follow me	😎
i tried to people, i couldn't people. have you made a peopling error? if you don't want to share, overanalyze mine! ok, quick backstory: i work nightshift (usually 12-14 hours) in a fairly mentally draining field, so usually i go straight home after work, eat a bowl of cereal while browsing reddit, and crash. today i decided that i needed some monster more than an extra 30 minutes of sleep, so i headed to the store. after i had gotten my monster and some candy that was enticingly displayed in my path, i started heading towards the checkout. i made eye contact with a walmart employee who was (i thought) sitting on a crate restocking bread rolls. he was middle aged and had these really cool kneepads on, and i guess i stared at them long enough he sensed me looking at him because he looked up and made eye contact. my social skills made a break for my frontal lobe and made contact *juuust* long enough for me to wonder if i was being creepy. so, stupidly, i decided to say something. "hey man, your kneepads rock!" *thanks brain, you idiot. what am i, a hippy? oh wait, i need to smile, you're supposed to smile with compliments* *full two second delay, then:* this guy just looks at me. no expression, just blank stare. i thought maybe he didn't hear me *(bad! bad brain!)* and tried again. i went for something shorter, because i was still walking past him to the checkout. "cool kneepads man!" ok, all you poor saps that work with people (retail/service/etc.) know exactly what i'm talking about when i say that this guy gave me the teeth-only doesn't-reach-the-eyes smile you do when someone says something and you can't actually say what you're thinking. "thanks." i don't think i've ever heard someone end their sentence with such finality. i shrugged it off as "eh, people work sucks" and kept walking. as i passed him, i caught a flash out of the corner of my eye. something looked weird so like the nosy, awkward person i am i circled back around the next aisle, casually stood behind a stack of bread crates, and looked down the aisle at the guy. he's not sitting on a crate. he's in a wheelchair, and while i was creepily staring i noticed that he wasn't moving his legs at all - he actually paused what he was doing to make sure his foot was on the footrest. *oh. ohhhh.* *brain sputters to life:....oh no!* i decided not to make it worse and fled to the checkout. by the time i was out to my car i was convinced this poor guy who already has to deal with paralyzed legs and working at walmart thought i was making fun of him when the skater in me really did think he had cool kneepads. walmart dude, if you're reading this - i'm sorry man. thanks for not being mean, you really did have awesome kneepads. for the rest of you lovely people who read all the way to the end, what would you have done if you had suddenly been in my position after i noticed the wheelchair? tl;dr: i tried to people at the end of a long shift, ended up accidentally mocking a disabled person. how do y'all people successfully after a tough day at work? if you could've taken over and saved me from my own misguided socialization, how would you have done it?	😀
stop putting filler and start putting half your text in the text box	😩
edgi teenagers be like: smh u can't joke about anything these days. all i said was "all f@gs should burn in hell" and they banned me	😢
i'm thinking of deleting reddit, running away from it and never coming back i feel like it's ruining my mental health, so like i just want to get rid of it. should i?	😀
dont put your dick in a seagull dont worry, i didn't do it, just warning you. edit: i just neglected my own advice	😎
anyone bored and wanna chat? i'd even talk about being 4'8	😂
i girl texted me saying that she was interested in me and would like to know more turns out, it was fake and i now have a virus on my phone	😔
you ever see a boy and be like... damn he has a pretty cute body	😳
tell me your favourite award tell me your favourite award, and if it's the same as mine i'll award it to you. one comment per person. replies excluded. good luck	👍
sorry guys.... americans of reddit what is wrong with president donald trump, i don't watch the news that often but i want to know why people are hating on him please tell me i just want to know (no i am not a trump supporter or a anti vaxxer)	😅
ex sending mixed signals **me [17m] and my ex [18f] broke up about three weeks ago.** lately she has been really nice and almost flirty in person. like laughing at stuff i da that is not really funny and then reeealy laughing at stuff i say that is. and also like doodling on my paper during class and writing "you suck". (we sit next to each other), pointing out how veiny my arms are . stuff like that. but then not in person she is really cold seeming. like leaving me on read and two or three word answers. not responding to my streaks on snapchat that day "how is everyone doing". it's like she's two different people. **can anyone explain this behavior?** tldr: ex girlfriend is acting different in person vs over text/snap.	😏
had my first creepy male encounter in my neighborhood and i feel dumb i was walking home from the gym at night in shorts and some guy came up to me and asked if i had a man. i should have said yes but am not a good liar so said no he asked for my number and i basically said no thanks, he asked if he could walk me home and again i should have said no but i'm so shy i have a lot of trouble telling people no. so he walked me home, only took a few minutes but was v awkward. i told him i'm gonna go inside now but thanks for walking me home. he touched my butt which has actually never happened with a stranger before and i went inside quickly. now i'm thinking about the whole thing feeling so stupid for not telling him i'm not interested and now he knows where i live. why am i like this...	🙄
pepsi and coke are going bankrupt! i'm so happy	😁
can anyone help me? hi i just wondered if some of you lovely people would give me some constructive criticism on my voice on a video i have recently done , i'm an anxious person and i'm hoping putting my time into making videos will help distract my mind. i would really appreciate it. <url>	😊
list of my favorite r/teenagers users 1. u/w4lkinthesun thanks for reading	😊
i'm eating waffles for lunch	😎
im proud of myself i was 1st place on my sisters kahoot with a name moe lester and everybody was laughing	😎
how do i make it easier to work on my to-read list? my problem is i'm actively seeking out books i know i'll like and buy them. for one, i know i'm going to need to stop myself from buying more books . but the thing is, i did and now it feels like a chore to read, like i have to finish this book to get onto the next one. any tips that will help me focus and enjoy the current book i'm reading?	😂
my [25m] first relationship that has lasted from my teens to well into my early adulthood just ended, where do i start? what app or way would be the best to meet new people? ideally i am looking for people who don't have much experience with different people either. we are out only ones ever (from first kiss and beyond) and we were together for so long. i am in my mid 20's and have a job, a car... i am also very nervous and a bit socially awkward and i think i already have a crush on someone based on their profile (not saying it is wrong to have experience, it's just not my ideal) also, how do you people see relationships with exes? there is no ill will between us, she [23f] just decided to dumb me since it was not something she found "right" anymore. not feeling good about it, since we had a really really good relationship, but apparently it did not just work for her. we are still friends. tl;dr how do i begin dating after my first ever relationship, that has lasted my whole adult life?	😅
i like when guys call me ma'am hits different	👍
just think about this in the future, there is a possibility that someone from this sub could be a president	😳
shooting someone in paintball amd causing a massive fight buckle up guys! this is a long one but sooo worth it. heres a bit of context, i was a part of this after school club that organized a paintball trip for the first time in decades! the amount of participants in the trip was a lil over 20 and the majority of them happen to be friends of mine. fast-forward to the paintball arena, each person is assigned to one of two teams. me & sam (a friend of mine) happen to be on opposing teams so we trash talk about how were gonna take each other down and enter the arena pumped up. they explain to us in there that each member has a tag wrapped around their arm. the color of the tag corresponds to the color of their teammates tags. problem is, the place was too dark to see the colors. they also tell us to yell "freeze!" to anyone within a 2m radius as a safety rule. game starts and all hell breaks loose, people are throwing grenades and shooting aimlessly but not me. im on a mission to take down sam since i know hes gunning for me. i manage to sneak behind enemy lines and get a few kills. then...it happened... this 7ft arab dude catches me off guard and whispers "so whats the plan?" right in my ear. i jump in the air and do a 180 degree turn followed by "freeze!" but he was confused. he said "what are you doing?", i was still panicking since my instincts took over so...i shot him....5 fucking times. he yells "what the fuck is wrong with you?!", so the referee escorts him off the arena and the game continues. i didnt really think much of it until it was time to leave. we all wait outside for the bus and thats when the arab dude rushes towards sam and shoves him into the wall. he doesnt even give sam room to ask whats going on before swinging a punch. i get in between the two of them since i was the biggest guy in the group (humble brag) and push them both away. thats when the arab dude yells "how can you be such a bitch and shoot your own fucking teammates?!". thats when it hits me, there are only two black guys in the group. me & sam. this arab dude must have mistaken me for sam when i crossed into their area. they were both given a warning by the club leader which defused the fight. i took the secret with me to my grave. to this day sam is confused as to why that guy attacked him tl;dr: unintentionally instigated a fight between two people.	😂
(royally) by trying to fix a misaligned tub faucet myself. i feel like there are several key moments in my life where something so small goes way off the rails and blows up in my face. what happened you ask? i'll tell you. so, i live in a 2 bedroom apartment. i wake up this morning. i've been working a bit of overtime (7-7) for about a month and i'm finding it harder to will myself out of bed. with about a half hour before i have to leave for work, i roll out of bed and go to take a shower. as i generally take a lot of time to prepare for work, i'm really pushing it on time. i go to take a shower and discover the handle is all the way to the left. i turn it and nothing. i wonder if i'll be able to shower at all and then discover that if i turn it all the way right, hot water comes out. i shower and drag myself to the bus stop so i can make my way to work. i'm usually not reliant on caffeine, but work + not getting more than 3 or 4 hours of sleep has gotten me pretty beat. i decide i need to get myself together over the weekend and this thursday night i'll get a head start. i'll come home, i'll start taking melatonin (as it's been the only thing that has ever helped get me to sleep on time), make a little breakfast food and then go to sleep early. things did not go as planned at all. as i'm warming up some food in the oven, i become curious about the faucet again. it has a given me issues in the past, but they had been minor. i was used to checking it daily before i left. i'd have to turn it with a little extra force to make sure the shower was off and if i didn't it would run a little. i go to turn it on and discover it's still misaligned, but it's positioned more sensibly than it was before. it's practically upside down, instead of being kind of sideways. after finding an allen wrench i start trying to remove the handle. the allen wrench isn't the correct size, but it's getting looser. i try finding others from random places where i think one might be. after several minutes, i discover i have a screwdriver head that does the trick. mid-way i realize the handle isn't controlling the water output anymore. i figure i'll continue again then i can probably fix it and turn it off. after removing the handle i discover the screw to remove the rest of it is stripped and i can't stop the water. for an hour, as water gushes, i try researching ways to remove a stripped screw. hoping that either brute force or a miracle will remove it, i try removing it but it won't work. i also can't figure out any plausible way to shut off the water. at 10:20 pm i give up and decide i have to do the thing i dread most... call my landlord. i call and he's trying to tell me where a trap door, something a curious person like me would have known existed, is to shut the valve off. there is no trap door. finally he decides to try to see if another resident, who happens to be a plumber is awake. he's awake, but he's spending quality time with his daughter who he doesn't have 100% of the time. he comes over and we come to the decision that we might be need to cut the water off for the whole apartment. i feel awful. not only am i fucking his night up, but i'm fucking up everyone else's situation too. he's a nice dude. he was going through they motions of being a little pissed, but understanding shit happens and trying to make me not feel like an ass. finally he realizes he may have the tools and parts to be able to fix it. it needs a new cartridge. he's able to fix it fairly quickly (i maybe 20 minutes). but basically i fucked up royally. i disturbed my landlord with this issue late at night. i disrupted his night and time with his daughter. i didn't get to eat dinner at all. i won't be going to bed early at all which means the struggle continues tomorrow. my roommate also has a dog (that the landlord doesn't exactly know about). the guy saw her and casually mentioned something about a dog when he was on the phone with our landlord. i'm planning on calling him tomorrow to apologize profusely and i'm hoping he doesn't mention her. tl;dr - all i wanted to do was quickly fix a faucet handle, eat, and go to bed early and i ended up breaking the handle, disturbing my landlord late at night, ruining a neighbor's quality time with his daughter, having to throw away a cold dinner, and going to bed late ensuring that the cycle of being sleep deprived and caffeine boosted continues another day. as a bonus, we may end up in trouble with the landlord because my roommate has a pet when he's not supposed to. (at least without paying the pet fee) how typical.	😔
anyone wanna join a epic group chat? it's pretty epic pm me or comment if you wanna join	😎
commenting on my girlfriends employers post on facebook my girlfriend and her mother both work at a major retail store. recently, news broke that they would be closing a bunch of locations across the country. i really don't like this store. it's a running joke across both our families that i want to "shut the whole damn operation down" obviously this is a hyperbole. the store they worked at posted a status on facebook, confirming our local store will be staying open. my girlfriend was laying next to me, so i had her look over as i jokingly commented "damn, i was hoping it would go " she laughed and then we forgot about it. her mother went in to work this morning and was called into the office. apparently one of the employees recognized my name and knew my association with them. i couldn't get much details but apparently they're now "in trouble" with management for what i said on facebook. i heard this and was flabbergasted. i've now learned the family is blaming me for what i said, saying "you got them in trouble" i deleted the comments, but the managers printed them off. tldr: i commented something cheeky on a facebook post, possibly put 1/2 my gf family out of a job	😭
boyfriend hiddens photos app. help i found a hidden photos app on my boyfriends phone. he has old photos of his ex to porn photos saved and even fb photos of chicks that they post to their own facebook saved. i get men are visual and use photos and porn i don't care about porn. i do however care very much about his ex (we had an issue about her previously) and the photos of girls from fb i just find weird. we have sex often and he's always very well satisfied. any tips on why he has these in his phone and if he should delete them. i confronted him about it and he in turn gets mad at me for going through his phone. by the way figuring out this hidden app and how to get the code was hard work. if we hadn't had issues previously with him talking and sharing explicit photos and comments with other girls before we moved in together including his ex i would be less mad and i do know these aren't recent but is there a deeper meaning? should i leave him? or is this just what men do... i truly don't know if this is normal for men to do.	😩
if ur a boy w long blonde hair break my heart pls it's already broken but break it some more? haha	❤️
where is the weirdest place to play jenga? where is one of the funniest/unlikely places to play jenga? asking for a youtube video idea... please, only possible locations only	😂
yo so my crush texted me later virgins	😎
day 1: i am improving my social skills and keeping myself busy in doing what i love	❤️
yeah i like wap waffles and pancakes- why are you still here? expecting some horny joke!! smh my head	🙄
i was typing "i am happy" on youtube to look for a happy kind of song. literally as i was typing it, the song on the radio sings, "i am happy" word for word. it was weird, i almost felt like i was in a dream. i guess i really am happy today. i hope you are having a happy day too.	😊
just a quick confession that i'm definitely going to get bullied for lmao i've always thought about being in the naruto universe. i couldn't care less about the hot guys, but to think about being this bad ass chick who can destroy and save others with powers just seems so much more interesting than who i actually am. i know i'm gonna get a lot of "ur a weeb" comments, so i'm gonna just delete this real soon bonus confession: i got suspended for gay fan fiction in 8th grade even though i was forced to write it	😂
thoughts on this phrasing? really need help my best friend that i kinda like is in a relationship. we were talking about stuff and she used the phrase "he's not cooler than you he just has a crush on me and you don't" do you think there's an underlying message there? or am i reading too far into it	😐
does anyone else feel like this or is this just some weird head canon only i have. am i the only one that feels as if 14 isn't a teen? like yeah duh it technically is but it doesn't have the **vibe** and no i don't mean that 14 is extremely young or are babies but i just feel so... out of place in this sub. yeah i relate to everything, i just feel like a whole ass fetus around these 17 year olds. i feel like when you turn 15 is like when you're an **official** teen. i hope most people get what i'm trying to say and don't think i'm crazy	😔
being emotionless that must mean you have no emotion duh	🤔
i'm finally going to be part of the friend group i've wanted to be in for a long time	😎
what i'm about to say is a certified bruh moment y'all know the feeling when you're sitting next to your popular friend and the girls in front of you talk to him and not to you	😔
bruh wtf, aren't i supposed to be 17? i'm da about to turn 19 but i feel like i should be 17 all of a sudden i think i've just traveled through a wormhole from a parallel universe	🤔
i lost my ability to whistle i just realised i lost my ability to whistle. i was listening to stop this train by john mayer and a whistling part came up, and i thought "hey, why not learn to whistle today!". i learnt how to wolf-whistle using my fingers (but not musically) about 8 years ago. i tried learning to 'musically' whistle and failed a few times, then realized i couldn't even regular whistle now i suspect the braces i got 3 years ago to be the culprits. no one told me this would be a side effect of braces. i am sad, disappointed and worried that i'll never be able to whistle again.	😢
why do you hate me	😭
what is something you wish people would tell you before embarking in a long term relationship or marriage? i shared this on quora, but i wanted to share it here too and see what you guys think. ------------------------------------------------------------- . . . . . 1. **you are a team** the first thing to consider is that by being with someone (specially on a ltr) you are entering a stage where you are no longer alone for anything. that can seem both convenient and "inconvenient" at the same time. you need to be willing to always consider what the other person might think, want, need, expect, ... before making a decision. and you need to be sure that the other person is willing too, because for a long time, you both will have to play this back and forth game and you need to practice a lot and get really good at it. it's not a temporary thing, it's not something you can be a part of just once in a while, but something that will be your new lifestyle. so you better be ready for it and become the best team player ever (a nice way to see this is like you are working on becoming the *bestest* friends with your partner). even when you are planning or trying to decide when you will be getting your own space and time, it needs to be a team decision. both parts need to agree on these things. so that when you are ready to take some time-off, your partner is ready to either take over for both parts or take their alone time as well. this point takes time to understand, embrace and nail. but as long as both of you are aware of it and are playing together, it will be pretty easy eventually. 2. **honeymoon stage is not forever** a lot of people assume that the infatuation or "honeymoon" stage is how all the relationship should be. that the daydreaming, the near-obsessive interest for the other will be forever and that those butterflies in your stomach will be there for good. so by the time these start fading away, people are not normally sure why and tend to either try to recreate them exactly as they were, or start looking for someone else, because they feel like the "relationship is dying". the infatuation is normal, is beautiful and exciting, but it's temporary. it's fleeting. and the real challenge for any relationship comes right after. because then it will be a conscious effort from both sides what will keep the relationship going and what will determine if it will be successful. 3.** love is both a state and a chemical reaction** love is an attraction and attachment state that needs nourishing or it will fade away. it needs team work and needs renewal. and for this, i think we need to understand it from a biological/chemical perspective. dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin and vasopressin are some of the chemicals that make us feel attracted and attached to something or someone. these substances need to be constantly present in our bodies in order for us to continue feeling "in love" with someone. and the best way to produce these in a healthy balance is by having a positive team experience with your partner. by constantly looking for actions that will keep you interested in each other. by making sure things are okay with the other. by understanding what your partner's goals, fears, interests and ambitions are and working together to conquer these. it's like a dopamine reward system. every time you do something positive or constructive with your partner, a little dose of these substances will be released and you will feel this emotional reward. also, keep in mind that norepinephrine (adrenaline) is also a good part to keep things balanced. **once in a while**, conflict and differences will arise and these arguments will release a dose of adrenaline which will help making you feel like the relationship is interesting and "exciting". not everything can be rosy all the time. 4. **communication** the best tool you will ever have for making this nourishing cycle work is: healthy communication. your partner is the one person who will be there with you and for you in the good and the bad times. so you better have a top-notch communication channel. you need to know each other inside out, be clear and unafraid of debate and discussion. if done in a healthy way, it is always for the best. each thing that you keep to yourself to avoid conflict or because you feel insecure will only make it harder for the other person to map out your persona, understand you and act accordingly (spoiler alert: unnecessary conflict later on). be prepared to be truly vulnerable; to show your deepest, most sensitive corners and be okay with your partner possessing this information. at this point, if you are both really playing as a team, you can trust that your partner will be respectful of this information. and so you should be with theirs. remember that trust is vital. be sure to talk about all the things that bring up questions. finances, the future, insecurities, jealousy, friends, family, aspirations, dreams, dissatisfactions, sex life, preferences, kinks, pet peeves... all of these topics are very important to talk about to find clear answers agreements, middle grounds and deals. 5. **adapt** there will be a million times when things won't go your way. when the outcome of an action, an effort or an attempt will not go as planned. when something you thought your partner would love ends up turning them off... and you will have to adapt. that's your best survival strategy. you need to learn that your partner comes from a different background, family and history. they think different from you and there are many things they will want to do differently. so you need to consider that sometimes you will have to either adjust your ways or give a few of them up in order to make the team work. which leads to the next point... 6. **compromising is necessary** a lot of times you will have to weight how necessary it is for you to keep your habits and ways *vs* adopting your partner's *or* creating new ones. you can't always create a conflict out of these differences. and you can't expect your partner to always be willing to give up. no matter how submissive they might be. remember this is a team work and both parts need to feel equally important and considered. so compromising will be needed from both ends and you need to be very smart about it. you need to find the balance between staying true to your core beliefs and to yourself and building a new shared set of rules and habits with your partner. 7. **be willing to learn** and finally, humbleness will be very important. a new person in your life can always bring new and interesting things to the table. all of their experiences, thoughts and beliefs are filled with rich information from a very different perspective from yours. be prepared to keep your eyes and ears open to learn as much as you can from these. they will make you a wiser and more experienced person. it will help you understand the world from someone else's angle and most likely be useful to improve the way you see and do life. tl;dr: at the end of the day, you are together because you want to build a stronger and better unit that will make you both happy and grow as better persons. so your best bet is to try to create an ideal environment for this to happen. to nourish the stimuli that will keep you both interested and to keep the information flowing so that you can both find the best strategies to improve the relationship everyday.	😊
still feel traumatised from a breakup from over a year ago even though we are back together and totally fine! please help!! my boyfriend [m22] and i [19f] were together for a year, but he very suddenly and unexpectedly ended things due to his family totally not supporting it. i was absolutely devastated. i didn't speak to anyone for weeks, stopped eating, just utterly depressed. we then got back together and have been absolutely amazing since! we now live together and he says he has so much regret and that he wants to wholeheartedly spend the rest of his life with me and i believe him. there are honestly very few problems in the relationship and the ones we do have are that he doesn't put his socks in the laundry basket however, any time i allow myself to think about our breakup i start to feel sick to my stomach and incredibly upset and anxious. if i see something in a film or another person going through something similar i have to stop watching or remove myself from the situation. this isn't normal and i feel like a total freak i know trauma is a strong word but i honestly feel traumatised from the whole experience. i have to watch youtube videos to go to sleep or else my mind wanders back to that day. im literally tearing up thinking about it. all and any advice is extremely welcome tl;dr: the title!	🙄
my dad got really mad and broke more shit again he broke the tv and keyboard	😢
posting this from my new samsung note filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	😎
17m from manchester uk looking for a friendship or more preferably relationship [m4f] so hey i'm jack, i'm 17 and from the uk. i'm currently a student which i guess is alright. it's pretty fun and i guess the lifestyle is very cool. i guess i'm not the most social person but yeah i like to be out doing stuff like i love going to the cinema or going to festivals or concerts or stuff. it's just so fun honestly and i just like the experience of stuff really. i really love traveling, i find it so awesome. i've been to places like dubai and new york which were honestly so awesome. like just exploring places and different cultures are so cool. my favourite food is salt and pepper chicken. i find it so so good and delicious and i think i could just eat it for days. i've not had it for a while now so yeah, sad but yeah i'm surviving and finding it alright. my biggest hobby is definitely playing the guitar. i started playing like 7-8 years ago and i just find it so fun honestly. i enjoy playing stuff on there like kasabian, oasis and franz ferdinand and it's really fun. i guess i'm looking for a good quality friendship or relationship of someone who wants to get to know me and see where we end up. i guess i want someone who i feel i want to dedicate myself to with my time and do stuff with like buy gifts for or maybe if we live close we could meet up and go out and do stuff, i'm not sure exactly what but i'm sure we'd figure. i guess more relationship wise i want someone i can look after and go out to work for and come home to. bring nice things home for you like flowers or little gifts i know you'll like and just be there for you and do stuff for you. i guess it's like the friendship one but with an additional side obviously. i've been called caring and understanding and described as husband material and i really want someone i can look after. like who i can play the guitar for or learn songs for on it or take out to restaurants and the cinema and just anything. someone who's face i can put a smile on and make laugh, who just feels completely themselves with me and i could just do everything for and make the happiest woman in the world. that's really what i want but yeah. anyway thank you for reading and i really hope we're talking soon and find out where we end up together.	😢
i was going through my old recordings on my phone from a couple years ago i made an asmr reading of the "i wanna fuck johnny joestar" copypasta why did i do this	😔
yeah i named myself after a moose why? cause i'm hung like one laugh with me	😎
my ass hairs are like hanging gardens of babylon . green due to fungi and ancient because i'm 56 y/o	😎
tifu by miss pronouncing my girlfriends last name. i had just ran a 5k and was very tired. shortly after finishing the race i got to meet my girlfriends dad for the first time. i greeted him happily addressing him as mr. (my girlfriends last name ) but becouse i was so tired i mixed up the last name with someone else's similar last name. shortly after talking to him and saying fair well, i came to the realisation of what i just did. the next time i seen my girlfriend she informed me that her father thought i was a screw up and he didn't like me. what a grate first impression!	😂
ppl started talking about baby pictures i don't have any of mine, they probably got confiscated by the police because my parents made drugs in the same house. we weren't allowed to keep *anything* i hate that idek what i looked like, the only thing i have to go off of is memories and school pictures but i was older then	😔
i am reading messages with pedophiles instead of school as usual help	😭
my mom messed with the wifi and now its not working now i cant do my school work or my zoom class	👍
guys does my crush like me back? u/thepsylocke	😳
im about to shower guys do i listen to music? wait nvm ima listen to music. thanks for the input guys	👍
bois i'm in i posted a drawing of keanu reeves on ig and a boy replied said it is good and asked if i wanted to see the movie with him if i didn't yet he went to my school lets see where this goes	😎
because an automatic toilet swallowed my car keys 4 hours from home so i was in the middle of an 8 hour drive home from ky to md. zero traffic, wide awake, doing great. i grab gas and use the toilet at the halfway point at a sheetz around midnight. i thought my key fob was in my coat pocket, which was hung up on the door, but apparently it was in my pants pocket. the moment i turn around, i notice my key in the toilet bowl. before i could grab it, the key gets forcefully flushed by the automatic flush. i stood there in shock. i'm still in shock. i have work at 9am, and i won't be home until then. now i'm stuck in a cold sheetz waiting for my father to bring my spare- who lives 3.5 hours away. i'm forever thankful he was willing and able to drive to me and do a 7 hour drive himself. happy new years, everyone . tldr; stranded at a sheetz 4 hours from home because a toilet ate my car keys	😂
i wanna show you guys my bong i made with an arizona bottle part of a pen and aluminum tin foil took me a while but it should get the job done	👍
i just committed cyber warfare so while my parents were gone this weekend some renters at out our mini rv park in front of our house claim they saw someone walking around at 2:00 am which what she described sounds like something me and my friends who i snuck over were doing but not quite, idk. i think she's smoking something. but here's the thing, i forgot my dad had a trail cam on the driveway. and so to hide my post curfew excursions and such when he took the trail cam off to grab the sd card i was hella slick and popped one of the pins out right behind his back of it rendering it useless. so yeah i'm basically hackerman	😎
to my fellow single peeps! you're gorgeous!! i love you all!!	❤️
theres a baby staring at me i dont know what he wants he keeps staring at me	😳
it's funny seeing big boob girls flaunt their chest when guys don't even like them lol they're so pathetic. literally nobody likes you hoes	😂
ate a pussy raw today later virgins p.s. how do i get cat hair out of my teeth?	😎
i [28f] recently tried poly for the first time with [28m]. seen some troubling things that his partner [21?f] blames on depression, but it doesn't seem related. her actions have impacted me a few times now, he is oblivious. address it or walk? so, i [28f] have been seeing someone [28m] in a poly relationship [21f] for about a month. i know you're probably already like "it's been a month and you have questions, tell him boy bye," but there are a few complicating factors. namely, i have never been involved with poly before. i am involved in my local kink scene, so i've obtained a fair amount of secondhand knowledge people i know to be highly successful and strictly ethical in their polyamory. that said, being a nerd about it is not the same as living it, so i am coming to you for some outside perspectives. i also really, really like this person. i've never met his partner, but based on some actions i've witnessed and some history he has described, i have some concerns that his partner is not healthy emotionally, and, by extension, that their relationship isn't the healthiest either. my main concern is that i'm not sure how much this effects me if i steer very clear and maintain a "don't ask, don't tell" policy w/r/t to her. i am in a place in my life where i know exactly what i need right now. my boundaries are strictly defined, and i have no trouble enforcing them in a healthy way. i communicate directly and honestly, and have no time for anything less. ethical non-monogamy appeals to me because i enjoy playing with others in the bdsm scene and i don't want to give that up, and i'm also bi, and i've felt like i've been avoiding any commitment lately, because my experience has so often been that if i'm going to be doing things with other women, the man must be involved. which usually left me feeling like my sexuality was a performance, no matter how good his intentions were, and sometimes, i'm just not interested in dick at that particular moment. let a woman live, ya know? that said, i'm not getting any younger, and now that i've done some exploration and know myself so well, i've recently become willing to try out relationships again, but only poly and kinky ones cause this tiger ain't changing her stripes. chemistry was off the charts with this guy since the moment we met. he already feels like an old friend. he is also bi and into the same things, so the disconnect i felt in previous relationships is totally off the table. there is no emoji nor turn of phrase to express how good the sex is. that said. the partner's really chapping my ass from afar. incident one. keeping the details scant to spare my inbox. we were involved in some play involving me inflicting pain upon myself (safely!). he and his partner had plans to go to someone's house for dinner later. we start playing around lunchtime, and he lets me know that she'll come meet him near me in a few hours from now. cool! plenty of time. literally at the moment i am (enthusiastically, consensually, pls don't confuse this as the issue) inflicting a peak amount of pleasurable pain on myself, eyes shut in fun times, he's silent and i check what's up and he's on his phone saying she's here now and he needs to go right now. no aftercare, barely a goodbye. this is about 45 minutes after the initial text that she would be there in several hours, and again, this is lunchtime. they are meeting for a dinner. i'm furious, i ghost him for a few days as not to keep my cool and ream this motherfucker out. i had some friends who are kinda like poly/kink gurus help me work this through and craft a response more effective than "fuck you forever dickhead." it works surprisingly well, he articulates exactly how he failed me and why that never should have happened. he changes things. he also justified this by saying his partner was "really depressed" and "crying at the station." i am a mental health advocate. i've been to this rodeo before. that said, ooooooo ... kay. i let him know straight up that having depression doesn't give you carte blanche to act however you like, and more specifically infringe upon the time and boundaries of others. he's not anybody's therapist or saviour, and even if he was a therapist, you leave a voicemail and they'll get back to you, and frankly, if you're so distraught you're a sobbing in public and you're no longer able to function enough to send a "hey i'm actually leaving now, really sorry to do this but i'm in a bad way, i'll see you in 25" text, you need crisis intervention, not your boyfriend. showing up unannounced is not cool in any context. he agreed. later, i learned that his previous relationship was emotionally abusive and suffocating, and also, that they have only been poly for a few months. i was under the impression that it had always been open (but this may have been an assumption of mine). this has only been this way since last summer, when she'd arranged to meet him in public to dump him for supposedly not being supportive enough of her depression. instead of breaking up, she let him i guess grovel and plead to learn and understand and do better. he said to me he had been "really awful" about it because he'd done things like "take it personally when she didn't want to hang out," which, as a proud fuckin high-functioning nutcase myself, seems reeeeeeealllllly minor in the scheme of shitty things people do when they don't understand mental health issues. that sounds to me like more of a teachable "hey, i need my space and boundaries when i'm low, it has nothing to do with you" text moment than letting it build up to a dramatic public breakup showdown. and he said this completely straight, like he'd internalized he was reformed garbage. anyway, instead of breaking up, they decided to open up the relationship. i really fail to see how going poly educates someone about mental health. if there is a correlation here, somebody please for the love of god let me know because wtf. i'm trying my best to meditate on this and withhold my judgments because i wasn't there and i'm only hearing about this secondhand, but when i sit with it, all it comes back to is that this was a) fabricated out of impulse without a whole lot of thought or research into what polyamory is and how it will change things going forward, and b) manipulative as all hell - it's all his problem, he's not taking enough ownership of her issues, he ought to be punished by being dumped right now (in public!) instead of gently corrected in the moment throughout the course of their relationship as behaviours and attitudes that weren't helpful popped up. instead of giving him a good book or a brene brown video or hooking him up with one of the eleventy resources we are lucky to have for youth in our city. also, the first night we hung out, he said he and his roommates were going to be throwing a big nye party at their place. i know he specifically said their place because funny enough, my ex used to live across the street and had a view of their ideal for parties rooftop. i thought about it, and when it was still going strong a few weeks later, i declined other plans to go to this thing. now he's saying i'm wrong, it's actually at his partner's place. no explanation for why i'm not just as welcome there, as she would have attended any party at his place, and we would have met just the same, but is any explanation really needed at this point? anyway, he told me just last night about these changed plans, so now i've missed out on a ride to an event with friends out of town and now i'm shit out of luck by myself on new years in a new city. i went into this happy to meet and be friendly with the partner. jealousy isn't the name of my game and i've also literally lived on a commune, so sharing is cool with me. but the i started to get the vibe that this partner is young and immature and dealing with mental health issues bigger than anyone involved realizes, and is trying to play puppet master rather than own up and say hey, maybe this was a heat of the moment band-aid repair. i do not feel like she wants to see her very doting and loving partner be happy, apparently nothing he does is right, and the goalposts move all the time. it really upsets me to a) see such a sweet and oblivious person be so jerked around all the time, and b) - and especially b) - to see this kind of nasty, manipulative behaviour masked with a neat little sympathetic "depression" label. that's just not what that is, and as someone actively working in their community to confront mental health stigma and advocate for mental health reform, it's just so damn retrograde and it really gets under my skin on a personal level. people already have enough misinformed ideas about depression really just being attention-seeking. this does not help anyone. i'm really torn. i would like to continue with him, but that's not realistic until he has a real reckoning with himself and defines much clearer boundaries with his other relationship. i have zero expectation that he end it or anything, i am fine to share. but i am not fine to share with someone whose messy behaviour is going to keep hurting him, and bleeding over into my day-to-day as well. this behaviour just doesn't sit well with me anymore and i feel like whether i stay or go, i need to be honest. he keeps getting hurt in relationships, and if it stays open, others are going to get hurt by this bullshit too. is it my place to tell him? or do i just cut my losses and cross my fingers i feel this chemistry again? tl;dr - tried poly for the first time, found incredible chemistry and compatibility. learned and observed some things that lead me to doubt that his partner has the emotional resilience to sustain a healthy relationship. my time, boundaries, and emotions have been stepped on a few times, and i'm not sure if it's my place to address this, as he seems totally oblivious, or just walk away. based on my lived experience, i have a real hard time squaring this person's actions with "mental health." anyway now i'm with my cat on nye, but at least when she fucks with me it's cute? edit: he texted me to say happy new year, i said thanks, jsyk i need some space to think about some things and i'm going to get back to you in the new year. he asked if things were okay and i said i don't want to lie to him so no they're not, but i'm just not able to articulate why at the moment, so please just hold off for a bit. he seems perfectly fine with this and is acting an awful lot like he's not completely fucked me over with my nye plans and is as oblivious and "have fun!!!" as ever	🙄
living situation with bf hey guys! my boyfriend and i have been at a crossroads lately. we love each other but aren't as close as we used to be. we are in the process of reconstructing a currently non habitable house to call home one day. my bf was living with me at my parents but didn't want to over stay his welcome and moved into his grandparents until the house is done. it has been six months since he moved out and we have been having a hard time seeing each other. the house has 6 months to a year of work to be done. in the meantime i want to rent an apartment to live together in. i think it will either help us to reconnect and get away from the stress of living with family or realize that we aren't meant for one another. i suggested that i pay for all apt bills and his money can be used on our future house. he is against my proposition and finds it is a waste of money. he wants me to move into his grandparents with him. i cannot do that considering his sister and s.o live there and it is a very small home. wondering what your thoughts are and if you have any suggestions for me to communicate with him on this issue. thanks!!	❤️
i thought i was safe from the creeps on here a 65 year old man, who was quite active in the feet pics community, just tried to dm me. he was nice, i think he was congratulating me on being clean from sh but in a really creepy way. remember kids, the internet is full of scary old people who probably wanna steal you. be safe! <3	😭
hiii how is everyone's day going so far? it's been a while since i last posted on this subr but anyways hiiiii what are you guys up to	😳
guys sorry for robbing the bank i'm just crackhead uwu sorry it's not my fault! wym i have life in prison??????? i'm just a crackhead	😭
i've officially been clean for over a month no cuts, only scars and i'm super proud	😁
elementary school is meant to prepare you for middle, middle for highschool, highschool for college, college is the ultimate preparation for real life (duh nuh nuh naaahh) and what is life suppose to prepare you for? death. break the cycle, just die early. they won't see it coming.	👍
if you have a horny alt ur a wuss, i use my main if im horny aswell that being said dm me	😎
what do the teenagers think of my project so far [<url>](project) if you have any advice or comments to give it would be appreciated	😎
i'm hopefully, going to be a teacher hello there, \*ah, general kenobi\* sorry for that.... i'm kind of a nerd...... anyway, i'm currently studying a-level chemistry and btec lv3 engineering at college, and i have applied for an education/teaching course at some universities. if i get in to one and pass the course then i shall be a teacher, probably in the uk, and i was curious as to any changes that you wish your teachers had made to their lessons that i can take with me, and use to my advantage if and when i get to be one.... ok thanks alot, and have a nice day	😊
i need fwiends :( pls dm me but i also am a little h0rny so pls dont bonk me uwu	😳
i am using someone for what i want and i feel guilty i am in love with this one girl and we hooked up. but she don't love me and even if she ever like me as a person is in doubt. frankly, she used me.don't get me wrong, im all for it. recently,she was having mental swings about us and i ask her that 'is it yes or no?'. ofcourse, she said no . it doesnt matter how much experience or how tough you are mentally, its still hurt like hell. out of frustrations and overall bad mood, i'd contact another girl who clearly have crush on me for since forever. we hung out.went to park, cinema and currectly on 3rd base and recieving personal pics. i noticed that some of my behaviors toward this girl are nearly the same as how my girl acted toward me. i could never love this girl or even advance the relationship to dating. im just using her just like my ex did and i feels so guilty.	😂
the rise and fall of my friend group this is a really long story of 5 years of me and my friends troubles| enjoy so i am in the friend group as we call it. it started back in 4th grade. me and my first really good friend met. that year we met 3 other people. so now it was 5th grade. everything was nice and we were really great friends. there was nothing in the world that could break us apart. but here is the important part to remember. my first crush was in 5th grade. we will call her jenna. jenna was my first crush. comes 6th grade we meet some more people. we met this really cool guy and we all became friends. and i still had a crush on jenna. so skip to 7th grade. we meet 2 people of two different personality's. all is kinda going well in the grade until we get a name for our group. the tramp squad. my group and i would do trampoline tricks when we would hang out, we would take clips and edit them, after we would post them to ig. we were actually pretty good. but that name spread around the school like a wild fire. even grades below knew who we were. and it will forever stick with us. around halfway of 8th grade is when it went downhill. half my friends got invited to a christmas party, not me, and guess who was there. jenna. i was not worried at the time about that so it did not bother me. i'm sitting on xbox about 2 weeks after the party and find out one of my best friends asked out my jenna. i was devastated. i look back now and know it could have been avoided by me making some moves earlier but who cares now. at the time i went into some kind of depression. not really depressed but just really sad when i thought about my best friend and jenna together. skip to around end of 8th grade, they dated until march when she broke up with him. the day after she face timed me. me being stupid i picked up and we started talking. we talked for a while. i decided i did not want to ask her out until high school. but we had a (thing) at the time of our thing, she was taking to 2 other guys in our friend group. one of them was feeding embarrassing things about me, and the other i still don't know because it's still happening. i also felt bad because know i was dating my friend ex which made our little relationship awkward. i ended it with her in august. around this time there were 11 of us in our group. but once everyone found out about this person feeding jenna embarrassing information about me, it was also about everyone else. so we confronted him about and he denied it, but we had proof. we completely made a new group chat and befriended him basically. but ever since we did that, everyone has been toxic to each other. some people make fun of certain people for things they do. i make youtube videos and stream and they make fun of me for it. but this is not like picking on someone for fun once in a while. we have large arguments almost everyday. and it's just terrible. i am really just watching my friend group fall apart - sorry if this was written poorly or punctuation was bad, this is my first time writing a story on redit	😢
what if we overthrow the mods together? jk .......unless?	😳
just asked a girl for her number for the first time in my life! and it worked had to run after her because i couldn't mister the courage to ask her while she was in the coffee shop in front of me, but doesn't matter, it worked!! and i can't believe it because i'm 28 and never could do it.	😁
can anyone add me to their steam family share? thanks (: well, i need like more games but i'm #broke so i can't have much, and i missed the sale so yeah, and yeah, thanks if you wanna do it,	🥺
there's a hole in my pants and i'm not wearing underwear and you can see my balls when i'm sitting down	😳
i want a masters degree, leaning towards a mba. to those who have their masters any advice? hello internet friends! as i stated above i'm interested in getting a masters degree. i aspire to be a director or even better a vp one day. i work for a telecommunications company and i'm passionate about technology and product marketing. the common theme i tend to see in this industry is the directors, vp's etc have masters degrees - most of them a mba. i graduated with a bachelors degree is public relations and advertising. since i specialized for my undergrad on more of a creative side i'm afraid they won't take me seriously on the business side. i graduated college two years ago, work full time as an account manager in marketing. i was always told to get my feet wet before deciding for sure if i wanted my masters. i'm 24 with no kids so probably now would be the best time. but is it really worth more student debt? i have a million thoughts running through my head right now and any advice is appreciated. thanks	❤️
guys i missed 42069 karma i'm so sorry, i let you guys and myself down	😔
slugsoul is nothing but extreme coolness u/slugsoul hi	😤
since when did society started to place sports at same level as education? being at sports team and games excuse you from classes? wtf? why. education is much more important! sports is extracurricular. thought if ask here	🤔
what would you do in my situation? i'm a [25m] she's a [21f] i knew this girl for about a month because she recently got hired at my job for the first half of the month knowing her. she was trying to make moves and i ignored them because i didn't want a relationship, till eventually i hung out with her for our lunch break and she seemed really cool so i decided to give it a try from this point she was always trying to do stuff together and she seemed really interested. we had some deep conversations and such and everything was working out really well, with a strong emotional connection. we finally planned a date and she was telling me she's excited and that she really likes me. when the date day comes like an hour before our shift ends at work her best friend from the military who is spending the month with her, his boyfriend recently broke up with him and he was saying some scary stuff to her, like suicidal and then went ghost on her. she was very worried but didn't want to cancel so we waited till after work and before leaving we met up talked about it and then decided it would be best to help her friend and make sure he was okay but reschedule for friday friday comes and from that moment i don't really hear a lot from her other than she got in a big fight with her mom and she was going to talk to her mom and that she hopes my day wasn't as bad (her and her mom weren't on talking terms because of their last fight and she was ready to kick her out) friday came and went no hearing from her so i text her assuming we're done. she gets back to me the next morning saying that she doesn't want to have a normal conversation right now or go out right now because all of the stuff going on and it's not that she's not attracted to me anymore i tell her that i'm here for her and i understand blahblahblah and she tells me she really appreciates me and that i'm really sweet. we continue on and from this point forward she is actually keeping me updated(she doesn't like taking about this stuff) we get to yesterday where she was working but i take her shift so she can talk things out with her mom and eventually gets through to her to where she's not going to get kicked out(before this if she left the house she would lock her out) since this past friday where we didn't go on our date she hasn't said anything or done something to point that she's still interested. and has been scarce with the talking to me. what do i do now, things are better with her mom, do i try and make a date with her finally? or do i just leave? or do i keep being there for her tldr: girl starts at job a month ago, constantly makes moves on me. i finally cave. things are going well. till personal issues(she told me what they are take over on her end. now i'm not hearing from her as much but she says it isn't me. do i keep fighting for her or is she a lost cause and probably no longer interested	❤️
got in a car wreck while out of town for an interview and now officially bored. ripped most of my bumper off and got falsely accused if drunk driving at 9am. how's everyone's life today? update: apparently removing the entire bumper is an option. they're currently just taking off the bumper so i can drive home today. seriously considering just biting the bullet and buying a new damn car.	😂
just for fun.what is you pet peave? what trivial things drive you up the wall. anything from putting the loo roll on the holder the wrong way to someone not squeezing the toothpaste to the top of the tube and not folding over the bottom. tell us what little things makes you crazy until you put it right	😂
should i even bother applying for an interview given my current issues? (also posted to r/advice because i'll take all the advice i can get) hey all, i recently got invited to apply for an interview for a third year university paper. the 'paper' is a year-long course where teams of students work on projects offered by actual companies (e.g. fonterra) with regards to supply chain management/optimization. at first i was pretty surprised that i received this email because i thought my major had nothing to do with this paper, but i emailed the coordinator and he assured me that my second year paper would be beneficial for this course. i want to apply for the interview, but on the other hand i don't know if i should even bother. here are the reasons/things that are making me doubt myself: 1) they look at your gpa, cv, and overall academic transcript. mine aren't looking too good for all three aspects. last semester, i got a c+ and c in two of my papers (dropped the major for these papers this semester), partially due to family issues (dad had a heart attack) and personal issues (i was seeing a counselor about depression/anxiety). i don't think the interviewers will find this entirely believable because i got a+ and b+ in the two other papers i took last semester. i only did well in those papers because i put basically all my mental effort into those, and i actually enjoyed them compared to the two papers i almost failed. as a result, my gpa has plummeted because of the two c papers. how could i even begin to explain this to them? 2) my cv is looking pretty blank when it comes to relevant qualifications, recognitions, and overall experience. i've worked two hospitality jobs before, but i don't think that's relevant. all my other friends who applied for internships and stuff have pages of relevant rewards and scholarships and i don't have much of that. i was offered a law scholarship last year which i didn't take, and i received a first in course award for a language teaching paper - can i still include that on the cv even if it doesn't directly relate to this project interview? 3) co-curricular activities at university are pretty much non-existent at the current moment. as i said before, i was dealing with some depression/anxiety issues, and mixing that with low self-esteem meant that i couldn't bring myself to join any clubs or groups at university out of fear that people will judge me. it's getting a little bit better now - i've participated in a japanese-new zealand speaking club, where i can talk to japanese students (i have a jlpt n2 certificate, but i don't think that's relevant for the project again). i was just there as a member and not part of the actual management team. my average day consists of going to lectures, going to work, hitting the gym, and then some 'me-time' where i'm learning to code or just watching twitch streamers. travelling to and from university takes a solid 2 hours out of my day. 4) i'm worried that if i do get in, i'll be dragging everyone else in my team down. i'm quite a slow learner (what people instantly understand in lectures takes me at least half an hour of reading-over at home to understand) and sometimes i'm afraid of getting my contributions shut down. i don't have many friends and it's hard for me to make friends, because of how insecure i am about myself - i think that makes me emit a very unwelcoming and unapproachable aura. so, i don't know what to do. i don't think i have anything to lose by applying, but i take rejection pretty seriously. i'm already having internal struggles because of family pressure about my degree, so being rejected would be a pretty huge blow to my self-esteem and motivation for university. if i do apply, should i try and bulk up my cv in some way before the interview? the interview should be in the next couple of weeks. should i try and gain some online certification (e.g. google analytics) and add that to my cv? i really think this project would be beneficial for me in the long run but there are just so many current things plaguing my mind and confidence. i don't know what to do. i think i have more flaws than benefits i can offer by taking the paper, but i'm working on improving all of that slowly and steadily. i definitely peaked in terms of grades and happiness back in high school but i'm trying to look beyond that and just strive forward. any advice would be greatly appreciated. thanks guys in advance	😊
ex-gf was anti-marriage, now she's engaged til, my ex-girlfriend that i dated from 2007 until 2015 (we got together in our mid-20's in south florida and she moved back to her home state of nj. i asked if she wanted me to come, she refused my offer) is getting married. i knew she was seeing somebody for a while, as we still keep in touch occasionally. ive also dated since we've split. but she always claimed she never believed in marriage, since her parents had a rough go of it back in the day. i'm conflicted. i'm happy she is apparently happy. but i'm furious about her change of heart when it comes to marriage. we discussed it for years and she always talked about how it's never something she would do. she never could get comfortable with people long enough to keep them around in her life for very long. so i thought what we had was special. i feel wronged. i feel lied to. i feel as if she only said those things to me because she didn't want to end up with me. i'm trying to put a different spin on it, but i don't think i can. she claims she's changed "a bit" in the past 3.5 years, but we still talk from time to time and i don't think she has (apart from this development). it makes me feel like a total fucking loser. part of what helped me with our breakup was knowing that no matter what happened, i knew the relationship didn't end because of anything i did or the person i was. i was certain it was because she was always uncomfortable with her situation in life and was forever seeking change. now she met some guy that she's been with 1/4 of the time she was with me and she's engaged. i honestly don't know if i can go on living. i feel rejected in a way i can't describe and i don't know how to process this. tl:dr - my ex-gf who didn't believe in marriage or ever saw herself in another long term relationship is marrying the first guy she dated after me and it's upsetting.	😢
i just dropped my opened bag of cheez-its and nothing fell out in the car	😎
i'm going crazy. the good crazy. i'm heading into the next realm of reality. to be honest, i might not be the same person i once was before. just know, no matter what crazy changes i go through the next few days i hope you guys can support me. and remember i love you all	❤️
i'm getting married soon, tell me about your wedding day what was your wedding day like, did it all go to plan? was it a small ceremony or a big party? i'm so excited and i wanna know all about everyone's big day	😊
as a wise man once said i didn't force you to be offended, you chose to be offended.	😎
i did it guys! i'm 19 years girlfriend free! let's shoot for 20 just because i can	😎
i used to be homophobic, sexist, and conservative now i'm a gay feminist leftist who else filler filler filler filler filler fillerrr	😳
umm... yea read below i guess so its raining out, and i'm just out here chilling on my phone. if you wanna talk about anything at all, just hit me up, i'll try my best to reapond within a reasonable amount of time. thank you	😊
why do i get so pissed off at people who are very emotional like i just don't understand how some people can be so emotional. for me, i just don't feel emotions much. they seem like such a weakness and a waste of energy. i keep seeing people getting all emotional and i cant stop myself from thinking "why not just stop caring?" because thats what i do and it works perfectly fine i know this is a shitty thing to think but emotional people just piss me off at this point. i cant handle them being so irrational. i wanna just say shut the fuck up and stop caring because thats how it works for me. but i guess thats not how it works for other people. but i don't say anything and i sit there and listen cos i dont wanna hurt anyones feelings :/ idk emotions are so weird. like i understand the meaning behind them, but i dont understand feeling them so strongly maybe im just built different or a sociopath or sum shit. lmao i'd laugh if it turned out i actually was. but nah im pretty sure im just an asshole	😎
y'all youngsters if i'm scrolling on this subreddit and see a post with a user who's flair is 13 i instantly become skeptical of whatever theyre gonna say. does this happen to the older people on this sub when they look at my posts?	🤔
guess imma school now cant get the number off so im the school	😎
what is "following" on reddit? what is following on reddit? why do some accounts have it & others don't. i'd appreciate detail of you're knowledgeable. ..also g'day to you friend!	😁
apple being one of the most powerful corporation could at best force me to watch a 15 sec ad on their new product	😐
i just need something really bad or something a little good. where do i begin? life's been shit since idk ever since i can remember. from family psychological abuse to sexual abuse at work. to failing a semester to uni to two failed attempt at suicide. idk how much worse it can get. can't go back to uni cause i'm on probation. need a full time job but can't get hours therefore no money to even pay my rent and moving bac to my toxic family. tried applied to a bunch of (50+) full time positions with just simple tasks like receptionist. never get a call back. can't even fucking commit a proper suicide. i just don't know what 2019 is gonna bring. nothing brings me joy. i hate this life. i hate living this life. nothing seems to be going even a bit better than yesterday. just broke up with my super successful and supportive boyfriend b/c seeing him get everything in life make me a bit jealous of him. at the same time i can't burden him with my shits anymore. i hurt him really bad just so he stops messaging me. i don't really know where i'm going with this. i just really hope i get a job soon. or i just really wish i succeed in my next suicide attempt. most people look at my life on instagram and think it's the perfect life. sees a fit girl that has the perfect part time job and goes to one of the best uni in the country. only if they knew i m only "fit" b/c i have a severe eating disorder, that my body is cover in scars from self harm. only if they knew my school is going to shit. the irony is my major is mental health. so many people come to me to talk b/c am a good listener and apparently i give decent advice. how is it that i can help everyone but myself? i hate this. god i just wish i died. i just can't do this anymore. the only thing that remotely stops me is my mom. i love her. she lost a girl before about 20 years ago and she's still messed up from it. if i take my own life i know my mom would prob just die as well. sorry just ranting. if you're reading this thank you for taking the time to read it.	❤️
ok dm me if you're epic gamer 18m who is straight af but looks good as a woman in the girl filter. might start an only fans who knows.	😎
i'm going clubbing tonight with some friends and i'm really not looking forward to it	😔
i'm about to ask my ex to come over to my place this weekend... i know i shouldn't but i'm struggling and i know we both still care about way other. we broke up because of commitment: i gave an ultimatum and he's not ready. i have been numb and depressed and having issues in my life that are made harder not having him. i'm used to being alone and don't mind not being in a relationship, but i'm lonely and the thought of actually getting over him is too much. i can't even imagine being with anyone else and i feel like i have no control. i've already typed out this text i want to send and just planning to send it tomorrow is making me feel better and more calm. i don't know if i'm asking for advice or venting or want to have my mind changed, but i appreciate any comments, even the ones telling me how stupid this is	😭
am i being unreasonable in my expectations? 35 today (yay! ) things have been average at home. moved interstate in january for a life change. kids all now get the education we want for them at a price we can afford. wife and i both left careers we love for them. i tried to get the same job and was put on hold, so found a similar one. enjoy it. not the same, but it's also been 2mo and i had 8yrs in the last one, so i'll give it time. wife tried another job and it was miserable. worse than she thought and wound up quitting. been off work for a few weeks 'hoping' she gets her old job back but up here (couldn't just transfer). i know she is depressed about it but nothing works. sex drive for her has plummeted, last week has been "maybe tomorrow" and last night fell asleep as i was about to kiss her... cleary i'm doing something right! this morning i had to be up for a 0615hrs start and a 12hr shift. no one at work knows it's my birthday as too new, was an ok shift, and went out to dinner after. now we get home and kids are in bed and she wants to watch some stupid reality tv show. it's not even live it aired hours ago. i presume she is joking, tuck kids in, sort out uniform for tomorrow and come out to tv on. when i ask about it "it only goes for an hour" am i being unreasonable that on this day only she skips it? she can watch it tomorrow when i'm at work again.... tempted to just go to bed and be done with the day. tl:dr worked all birthday and wife now wants to watch her shitty reality tv show instead of spend time with me.	🙄
i think people who don't use emojis seem so bitchy when texting i mean when there's only a punctuation used, it just seems they're bored or something. for example: "remember that one time when that one thing happened? it was so funny!" "yes, i do." okay... was it not funny or what's going on here? see what i mean? instead of "yes, i do " we can see the other person thought it was funny too!	😂
to the post saying looks matter and those that feel ugly it's not being ugly that counts. it's the courage to be ugly that counts.	😎
have you ever overcome a difficult obstacle or achieved a goal and then became really depressed after? i'm on my phone and tired sorry for any mistakes blah blah blah i've tried to talk to some people about this and some agree but others just think there's something wrong with me. for almost the last 7 years of my life i have been trying to complete my bachelors degree. it was not easy but not that i'm done i feel completely depressed. i started going to school at a community college part time and worked full time to pay for it. i had to take summer classes every summer to try to keep up since i was only taking a small number of classes. when i completed my associates degree i decided to change my major so i spent another year at community college in order to transfer the maximum amount of credits. well i did it and was accepted to a university, everyone i talked to said how hard the transition was going to be but i killed it my first semester and made dean's list. then at the end of my first semester of my junior year i found out i was pregnant. i'm not looking for sympathy with this at all, my boyfriend and i were together for awhile and living together and are adults. we decided i would continue with school since i was so close. i made it through the spring semester and even took classes in the summer so i could graduate on time. i had my daughter and three weeks later went back to school. luckily i was in the position where i didn't have to work but it was still incredibly difficult. i was able to graduate on time and actually my last semester was my best semester. i also started a job i really wanted two weeks after i graduated. so i should be over the moon right??? and i am but... i've always has something finite to work towards and now that i don't i feel lost. im curious if others have felt this and what they did to help.	🙃
i'm in gamerdudes head	😎
just joined the discord hmu	😎
i just broke up with my so	😐
me when the oneplus 9 just was announced and it's sexy asf but i bought the oneplus 8 a month ago i have to convince myself that i don't need it	😔
exam tomorrow, just need some company to pass the time today 20m soo yeah, hello i'm in university right now and about to finish my 2nd year tomorrow with my last exam. sort of in a bored mood and just need to pass the time today so tomorrow occurs just that little but faster. some if the things i guess we could talk about would maybe include movies - action, drama, romcom, fantasy.... tv shows reading - true story, action, horror..... video games - most platforms outdoorsy things - good views,camping.... sports - any kind food/drink i know its not a lot to go on but it can be talked about hopefully speak soon	😊
my friend's birthday is on february 14th man will feel double the pain and loneliness	😔
unintentionally creeping out a girl on the bus while on lsd and causing her to delete her porn account and posts to gonewild/gonemild of course this happened a few years back. i was taking a bus up to college, a total length of 8 hours. one of those greyhound type deals, but for some reason it was jam packed by the halfway mark (which i've never seen on a greyhound/trailways). i was flat broke, really going through mental breakdown after mental breakdown while rapidly getting sicker and sicker as my physical condition worsened. being 19 and depressed/suicidal/chronically ill, this was during my phase of heavy psychedelics use which lasted about a year. i had taken lsa (30 hbwr seeds) the day before and tripped mildly, figured i had enough tolerance to handle 2 tabs a homeless guy gave me (technically i was homeless too so, maybe he's just a guy ). it's 3:30pm when i get on the bus. i quickly grab a seat by the back, pull my headphones out, and get comfy. the tabs are in my wallet, the bus is nearly empty. i'm sipping my coffee which is infused with an entire gram of wax, listening to music thinking about the tabs. we stop at the second stop and now the tabs are in my hand, just looking back at me while i consider whether this is a good idea. a lot of the music on my phone is downloaded though youtube to mp3 sites, so no album art. i use poweramp as a music player for my android. i had downloaded a number of images from reddit porn subs so i would have some "inspiration" if i needed it. the picture in question was posted to gonemild that day. since the mp3s and images were in the same downloads folder, poweramp selected an image of this tattooed, green haired, girl with a dyed pixie cut in a matching pair of panties and bra. her face was very very clearly visible, tattoos, etc. very much a standard gone mild post. so for the 40 or so songs i downloaded specifically for this bus ride, when they are played with that app this girl's pic comes up. i would've fixed it if i had wifi or data, but i didn't notice it as i just downloaded everything and ran out. i'm in the back of the bus, i put the tabs on my tongue, and after waiting a half hour i chug the remainder my hash coffee. 3 stops, or roughly an hour, later the entire bus is being packed to the gills with college kids. still listening to music with proper album art. i keep my head down, just keep looking at my phone as i notice someone sit next to me. i'm extremely anxious as a person generally, i tend to avoid any and all eye contact, and this is when i'm not tripping. i drop my notebook and wind up speaking to this girl for a few minutes. i maintain no eye contact, just looking forward as i'm tripping sack already. a few minutes later she asks me a question about the bus route, and we talk again for a half hour roughly about college, money, anxiety, and **reddit**. i bring up a bestof thread on my phone and she gets visibility uncomfortable and puts headphones in after laughing anxiously. i figured it was nothing and thought very little of it. this is 4:45pm, we end our conversation and i look down at my phone as i continue to trip harder and harder. according to my last.fm, the youtube songs started playing at exactly 5pm. i just keep looking at my phone, headphones blasting as standing room in the aisles becomes occupied at the next stop, meaning there is now no way for me or the person next to me to get up. 6pm rolls around. my phone has been unlocked in my hand for the entire trip. what follows will haunt me forever: the girl sitting next to me happens to touch her elbow against mine. i look up from my phone and immediately notice her hair. the same exact haircut, same color. i look at her. no, not look. **i stare this girl down like some kind of crazed pervert trying to see through rolling fog at night in zero visibility**. i'm trying so hard to look through the visuals, and can't decide if my head is just fucking with me and this is just a hallucination. the picture is still open on my phone. i start noticing she has the same neck/shoulder tattoos, the same piercings, etc. after visually raping this poor chick while holding a picture of her half naked in my hand, i dart my eyes forward and proceed to freak out internally. i immediately lock my phone and proceed to turn as red as a tomato for the remaining 5ish hours. during the last 30 minutes a few people get off and this girl runs to an open seat. i finally get off the bus, get to my dorm, and decide to check on her reddit to make sure i wasn't just tripping too hard. it's all gone. i saved a large number of the pics for the trip, which i promptly deleted, but there was absolutely no question. it was her. **tl;dr music player on my phone used downloaded image as cover art for song in downloads folder, downloaded image was a full body/face picture of a girl who just happened to be sitting next to me on a fully packed bus where neither of us could get up for the entire ride. left my phone unlocked in my hands for an hour before noticing the girl was the same as the one in the pic once i saw her hair/tattoos. once we made eye contact and i saw she was practically dying inside i locked my phone and looked at my feet for the remaining 2 hours of the trip. once i got home i found she deleted all her posts and her reddit account itself.**	🤔
girls with big boobs deserve to be shot, i hate you all. you do nothing but bring women down. nobody likes you. there i said it. you girls are outdated and dying off. good riddance	😤
i [32 f] have previously found out my 6 yr [37m] duration boyfriend has had 2 separate one night stands. i recently found these texts and believe he is cheating again. any input? i have been monogamous with my boyfriend of 6 years while there were two instances early in our relationship (1.5 and 2 years in) of him having one night stands. most recently i found some text messages with an unnamed contact in his phone. while we took a short break at the beginning of may, by the time these were sent was far after our break concluded, as well as after i found out my dog (who he says he loves after 6 years of a relationship) had emergency surgery and has a terminal cancer. without being able to post the pictures of the texts, here is a synopsis: him: 'how late are you working?' her: 'got off at 530' him: 'copy, guessing you are not in____ then' her: 'nope, at home with the dogs' him: 'copy, was going to see if you wanted to hang out' her: 'yes i do' him: 'i don't know what to do because i'm super tired so i don't want to drive there, but i don't want you to leave your dogs. how long of a drive is it to your place' her: 'i can come see you if that's an option. i'm off tomorrow and have time to kill' him: '12b is open. eta' 12b is his appartment number. then the next morning: him: 'hope you enjoyed your day off...fucker' him: 'that's a joke btw. i'm tired as fuck. see you tomorrow ' her: 'oh. i had a wonderful day off. thankyouveruch. i even got a 3 hour nap in before softball' then 3 days later: her: 'do you want to hang out this evening.. at my house?' him: 'i can't. i would like to but i am worried this is going to get complicated. drhot pockets (me) and i got back together and i am worried about creating workplace drama. i would be happy to talk to you about it.' her: 'not a problem at all, thanks for letting me know' him: 'i was thinking about inviting you over as well for company but, i was worried it would go elsewhere because of my actions. mainly loss of control' then a bit more of discussing whether they can talk. he swears up down and sideways that he didn't cheat, that they only hung out together with other people present, but i think he is lying through his teeth. what is a more objective opinion??	😀
f16 bored as heck, dm me!! i'm really bored and wanna chat!! please be nice :3	🥺
so it's my birthday and i just found out i share the same birthday as tobey maguire it's pizza time	😎
anyone from portland, or/vancouver, wa that wants to hang out sometime? i want this summer to be very epic and would like to make some new friends so please hit me up gamers	😎
spamming a lot today because people on reddit are so cool facebook, instagram, youtube, google+ (rip), snapchat and etc didn't take me that long to understand it pros and cons and it's purpose as they're very popular. ironically reddit wasn't popular in my area or to me in my eyes and i never understood it. now after 2 years i finally see why reddit is indeed more popular than any other social platform in a sense that reddit has a place for almost everyone and everything. i used to hate reddit because of my ignorance towards "new things", but actually giving it a try and learning from others... i understand now how important reddit is to the social community. and oh! the people here are great... some can be a little bit too savage though but i you can't complain because that's what makes reddit, reddit.	😎
everyone follow s3zle follow u/s3zle or your healthcare is revoked	😤
feeling anhedonic. well here i am. ranting and talking about same things i wrote here again. but tbh i prefer writing here my feelings than overthinking. yes i'm missing her rn. i miss her smile and i miss the way she used to look at me. i miss those talks and i miss her company. she is working as a doctor plus she is infj and has bpd. so putting herself to work is how she keep her thoughts from occurring. frankly speaking i have no problem with this. the reason i'm feeling lonely is because she is with someone else. her face and her name is the first thing came into my mind after i wake up and before i sleep. during the day all in my mind is either doing work and her name the rest of time. it feels so good whenever she uploads a pic on social media or when some other person upload a pic of her telling that they are glad that she is a part of their life. i can't agree any less. she is the best thing ever happened to me. my face and emotions lit up whenever i receive a call from her. even my family started to notice this. but he fact that she is not with me, that she has a boyfriend feels like she is not a part of my life. coz frankly speaking, i wanted to marry her. and still do. they say people with bpd are hard to love. but i never loved anyone else this much. but she is not mine. and this emptiness is something i feel all the time and tbh idk how to express it well. i always sucked at explaining things anyway. so i just write with my feels. maybe my anxiety problems is kicking back again. ik many people will say things like "move on" "you will find someone better". "don't dwell on the past" and tbh i'm trying. trying my hard to kill my feelings for her. but it's not easy to stop loving someone just like that. as i said before, i miss her. there are times when i start to question my feels for her. and thought comes in my mind like "maybe this is a part of moving on". then things happen, and i'm back to point one. i also would like to tell you something. i saw a dream one time, that i'm on a vacation with her. me and she laying on a bed after a long day and i looked at her. watching her face and realising that i'm with the most beautiful person in the world. i lean forward to initiate a kiss and she kiss me back too. and after that alarm clock start to ring up. whenever i close my eyes, i still remember that feel, that sensation on my lips. that she is still with me. i still remember what she was wearing, i still remember how she looked at me. i still remember the feeling i felt in my gut and my heart when i kissed her. and tbh this feeling is the only thing which fills my emptiness. a thought that she is still with me.	😔
video games are for kids only. stop playing them if you're older you look like a kid	🙄
i want to feel bad for him but i just can't/don't my bf(m42) got rust in his eye yesterday while doing brakes on a friends car. he is a mechanic, who has been doing this work since he was 17!, he knows to wear eye protection! of course, he did not. so he is now injured and spent the day, today, between stay care and an eye clinic. yesterday he whines all day about it hurting, but wouldn't flush it out when we told him to until i screamed at him like he was a toddler . i really want to feel bad that he is in pain and that his eye is swollen and black and blue but at the same time all i can say to him, is " here is your dumbass-award" , next time wear eye protection. we've been together 8 years and i swear he is the most mule headed man i know, i do love him to pieces but am so exasperated with his level is "duh" at times!!!!	😤
wait have i actually gotten skinner or am i crazy i can see the bones in my hand when i wiggle my fingers i've never seen that before	😳
can't believe my 10 k karm4 special was only 2 hours ago just hit 11k	😳
lmao am dead rn soo yeah we are playing basketball with my mates and there is this guy his defense is soo good but his shoots and passes meh sooo there is another guy who is like you are good at doing nothing with missing a beat the guy replies am good at doing your mom soo shut up and pulls out his phone and he is like drunk drumhead ohhh look your mood m is classing time for my bj and walks away lol the other guy wanted to beat the shit outta him i'll keep you guys updated if there is a fight or shit goes down	😂
what are some touchy subjects in your country/area you live in? whenever i talk about not tipping or tipping a little amount americans, i always get such pure anger towards me. thats just because they need tips to survive over there but where i live they dont need tips as they get paid enough. so this just got me wondering what are other touchy subjects in other countries?	🤔
being 19. hi everyone! i hope you have a great day. i just needed to express some thoughts i had last days. so in some days i'm gonna be 19. i'm not planning to go out clubbing or something :p i'll just gather with the people i love most and we will pass some great time together. it really relaxes me when i think about this picture. but it gets me stressed too. because you know there's this voice in my head saying "it's just the same day as every other is. it doesn't matter. your birthday isn't anything special." so it makes me sad and stressed out about this day. okay i know i'm acting like a typical 18 year old here..sorry but anyways this is not my problem. i don't have a problem actually i'm just in a situation. well, right now my really "familiar circle" is created by three people. my parents and my boyfriend (long term relationship but we're not going to marry and have kids because for some reason people expect me to want to have kids in my 19s'). but all of us we have immigrated to another country. i don't hate it here, i can see the actual benefits that this country provides for my loved ones and me as well. i just don't like it, i can't connect to the atmosphere here. i feel that i don't belong here. so this makes me want to leave. it gives me impulsive thoughts - thoughts, not behaviour - such us becoming a flight attendant in order to be as absent as possible from this country, or making a europe tour next summer (when i know it's pretty hard to organise such a thing and i also know that there are things that i haven't even thought of) and many more. being a flight attendant is a dream..but i don't know if this it what "my heart wants" so i feel insecure. practically it's something i can actually do since i have the qualities for this job. but i don't know if i want to. i do not have a plan b and i honestly can't imagine what i actually want to become. i don't want to go to university because i *hate* studying much so this doesn't leaves me with many choices. if things were different i wouldn't care for this that much since i know that someone who has been on earth for 19 years is almost impossible to know exactly what they want. but i feel so stressed and lost. it literally conquers my mind every day the thought of my future. it overwhelms me. and i can't control it so i end up worrying so much that i'm not doing anything and then i am complaining on reddit about doing anything. i really love life, i love nature, i love music, i love walking and exploring, i love traveling..my mind is still like a 5 year old that wants to explore the world..i don't feel like choosing a job that i should have for the next 40 years. i mean it's too much that i can't. 40 years = 2 times my lifetime... so at the end of the day inaction makes me feel that on the inside i'm like 80 years old i feel like a grandma i feel like i have a full life that waits for me but i'm too coward to go on and grasp it because i don't know what to do with it..	😂
in sorry for making a sexist joke i put a sexist joke on a chatroom and got banned it was ------- a guy invites friends over to have wings after they leave, the guy goes to the kitchen and finds the dishes clean he says "i don't remember inviting a girl over"	😂
it's that time again i'm so fucking lonely rn	😔
people with cats, let's talk! my cat is sick, i've taken out a loan, took out money from credit cards to afford his treatment but it wasn't enough so i also made a goffundme and i'm now ps100 short, i'm more hopeful and i feel slightly better about this crappy situation, (i was literally crying in the bus today and it was so embarassing it just hit me that i might lose my baby boy.) so while i wait and watch my gfm praying to reach my goal, i want to know if any of your cats have been sick with urinary obstruction and how they recovered from it, give me hope please! if your cat has never been sick with it then good for them and i hope they never will but please, tell me about your cat, what they like, what they are like or a funny story! my cat is greedy, loves chicken and tuna, he's very cuddly, he likes belly rubs, he's very friendly with people, he's lazy and he is very territorial! he also like to gently slap feet. please, keep me company tonight i really need it	😊
hi do you have anything planned for today? i just got out of my guitar lesson and now at my macdonalds waiting for my order to be ready i got an english exam in about an hour or so so i have to get ready for it so i apologize in advance for the people i dont reply to i'll reply when i get the chance to i hope everyone has an amazing day	😊
can't keep my mouth shut. i'm very socially awkward. i'm clinically social phobic, possibly with borderline personality disorder (most likely). i've worked hard to come out of my shell. i've made more of an effort to put myself out there. i can't stop talking or complaining about people. specifically people at work. i love my coworkers, they are like family to me, but damn. complete lack of effort, and work ethic with so many of them and it drives me crazy. i literally bit my tongue today. just wish i knew how to be a normal person.	🙄
my post got pinned my mods on r/cringe! basically i was getting irritated a bit with many posts on r/cringe because they weren't cringey videos at all. so i decided to make a post explaining the definition of cringe for all the people that don't know the true definition of it and have misused it. i knew that there would be people who agree with me since i've seen many people voicing the same opinion, but i didn't think it'd get as much traction as it did, to the point where mods would have it pinned it as a reference post and a rule of thumb for the sub. and i think it's staying up there forever now as the first thing you see when you enter the sub. i feel super cool! also it was my first gold i got on a post!	😂
hey guess what i strongly dislike myself	😎
it's my birthday tomorrow but no one cares	😔
when you want to make use of black friday savings but your debit card doesn't want to work.	😭
i just took a selfie for the first time in years! ok, that sounds... lame and boring, but i feel happy about it. my self esteem has been super low years, so bad i do not want to be in any pictures, because i feel like i look so ugly and disgusting and hate to look at myself, so i don't really like mirrors either that much. but i just took a selfie and actually feel like it looks decent! not the greatest, but... it's alright, and that makes me happy. might just be because i'm tired but can't go to sleep because i have too much stuff to do. and yeah, i tend to over-celebrate even the smallest of things quite often	😅
basically i'm a cool guy	😎
how is property so cheap in america? don't ask why, but i was looking at property in america and the houses are soooooo cheap compared to here in australia. i can literally get a mansion there for the same price as a tiny appartment here	😐
my gf just left me... to go drop off food at one of our depressed friends houses, this is why i love her	❤️
if you're a cute girl then don't click too late. you are now legally obliged to comment. in your comment you must state your age (if not in your flair), gender, aspirations, 3 things you like to do, 3 things you would like to do, and a short description of yourself. i will then dm you if i feel like we would get along, and we can talk for a bit. anyone is welcome to comment. you don't have to be a cute girl. you don't have to be a girl at all. the title was just to get people's interest lol. oh, and if you don't comment then you have broken the law and i will get my lawyer u/your_reddit_lawyer on your case. be warned.	😳
biggest biggest oof just saw a post about my post that was about seeing a post that they made that was about me	😂
i just watched the sunrise i pulled an unexpected all-nighter, i got caught up playing minecraft and watching forensic files oof anyways i went outside and climbed up the ladder thats against the side of my house, and went onto the roof to watch the sunrise. i'm a radio rebel but fr it actually was so nice and made me a very happy gorl ok that's all i hope whoever read this pointless post has a great day/night yeehaw	😤
no one loves me but that's ok because i love myself! and i know someone will appreciate me for who i am someday!	😊
struggles of being a kinda skinny guy sometimes girls assume i have a huge pp because i'm skinny and tall. when in fact i have the worlds smallest pp. ladies please don't assume things	😔
why did someone say they were concerned about me i got the reddit thing saying someone reached out about me. yall good?	😀
a very strange story so a friend of mine texted me something about a dead boy, this is the text session (its all translated, f=friend) : f: do you still want to know why i couldn't sleep? me: yea f: do you know this boy i was talking about? me: yea f: well quite funny.... me: tell me f: he's dead for more than 20 years me: f: hes, sort of stalking me me: how? f: (appearantly thinks i mean how did he die) he had a knife in his head me: oof f: but he doesn't know he's dead me: what do you mean? f: so he has a bad temper me: are you joking? f: no, seriously me: a doll? f: nope, his name is josh. _____________________________ there was more but nothing really worth talking about... this is freaking me out, please help... (i don't believe in ghosts and stuff but i would trust this person with my life...)	😳
what are your tips for getting over social anxiety? mine isnt crippling, but it *is* there. ive known some friends for three years, yet when i talk to them, it never comes like i'm "myself," you know? maybe i'm saying and reacting what and how i think they expect me to say or react. and i constantly fidget lol. i have to consciously think about not fidgeting when i talk to some of them haha. what are some of your tips to being more "yourself" during conversations? also, these are some of my only friends so i guess i'm nervous about losing them.	🤔
please recommend a low key company that makes awesome ear phones i don't want anything fancy like the beats! just regular earphones with good sound. how long do your headphones last though! i had a pair of jvc plugs that lasted 4 years before it lost a sound in one of the plugs. i've tried skull candy ones and even they they really pretty and all but they went busy after a year and a half so low key companies that make awesome headphones but that aren't too pricey would be good... also what fo you all think about wireless headphones? does the bluetooth being on drain your cellphones battery faster? p.s what's the longest your headphones have lasted without losing sound in one plug?	😊
boyfriend got a weird message from another lady (f23) long story short. my boyfriend (m25) and me (f25) are together for 3 years. for a long time he had a friendly relationship with this female co worker. i found out some slight inappropriate conversations 6 months ago and asked him to slow down his contact. it was not sexual but a tad too friendly/flirty vibe. he claims that he barely works with her anymore and barely texts her, in his words she texts him on average once a month. yesterday was his birthday but he did not have to work. no one of his co workers congratulated him, only she did. let's call him jack. she said; happy birthday jackie! you thought i forgot about it huh? (she texted this around 6 in the evening) my boyfriend does not have any social media and not posted anywhere that it was his birthday so i dont know how she knows. to me this does not feel like a message to someone you barely speak to. what do yall think? why would she say "did you think i forgot about it " if he claims he didnt talk to her about his birthday? or barely contact at all? or is it a sign of secret contact behind my back? tl;dr worried about a message this girl send to my boyfriend.	😁
psa: i will be getting married to whoever answers all these questions correctly 1. what is my favorite time in history? hint: think fire 2. what is my favorite by show? hint: goes along with #1 3. what am i majoring in, in college? hint: it's a public service 4. who is god? hint: i have 6 5. what is my favorite game: hint: you get none. 6. who is my love? hint: i have two 7. shark hint: car poggies bro	😎
15m pm or ask stuff i like some games, sports, etc. high iq so i passed my classes	😎
i need to tell somebody for the first time... in the uk its a level results day. 2 years ago i went to sixth form and dropped out after the first year due to anxiety and health problems i didn't know i had (namely fatigue and tiredness). i did the as's then but not the full qualification. instead i went to tech college and do a vocational qualification there instead. a few months ago i posted that i was doing the epq. i can't remember what i said but it was tricky then. i got a call today from college, and it turns out i got an a which is my first. ever. i'm so happy if anyone else has got results today then well done to you gives out internet hi 5's. <presses post before the anxiety gets to me and i delete my post>	😁
i'm gonna break all the rules 1. no personal attacks. daniel, your right kneecap looks weird 2. no spamming. spam spam spam spam spam 3. no personal information. my ss number is ********* 4. no nsfw content. heck 5. all submissions must be flaired. can't rebel against this one, sorry :/ 6. amas require prior moderator approval. give me questions.	😎
all these people talking about crushes fanta is superior	😤
streaming with my friend (he's in a clan ) <url> say hi lol	😳
i just talked to my little sister and brother. disclaimer: am a drunk fuck and only child, got my siblings when i was 18. that said. even though my problems we have always had a connection. me taking them out to eat or to swim or play football. i moved overseas when they where 8 and still kept brief calls to check up on everything. today they are 12... we just had a 2hour conversation about everything. i feel so happy that we still connected and the memories that they have! they remember everything that we did and they really appreciate it! i gave them my best that i could while being on a coke/alcohol bender (now am just an alcoholic) and the feelings just come back to me. spending time at the swimming pool, making a barbecue, talking on the phone, teaching them to write, teaching them the guitar. it's so sick they even remember my old girlfriends. and we had such a great time speaking on viber. i'm going to see them on november! i can't wait to teach them math, grammar and the piano. i really love them and they love me because i spended time with them! what i want to say is... if you got younger siblings, half or whatever, take care of that. ain't nothing stronger than family	❤️
1 upvote = 3 push-ups i'm trying to find motivation	😭
my mom rants 2 me abt her marriage problems like how i rant to yall about my problems also wtf u ever um u ever about to post something but then a blast from the past appears and then ur like oh shit cant post that anymore	😔
update: my [24] boyfriend [25] of 3 and 1/2 years hasnt proposed and i'm starting to worry. i just want that promise. the original link is [here](<url>) i wanted to give an update on this post i wrote about 2 years ago. i got some great advice, i got a lot of tough love advice and some terrible advice. i know he was already committed by all of his actions and that i really needed to focus on college first before having to plan a wedding. well, it turned out my boyfriend at the time had been planning on proposing to me for a long time. he wanted to wait until i graduated college. a little after i graduated college, he took me on a hike. i knew this was a special hike because it was the same place we went for one of our earlier dates. the first time we went on that date was magical. i always teased him that he never kissed me on the date. there was this perfect moment he was holding me in front of a beautiful picturesque lake as we were just enjoying each other's company in an embrace. i thought he was going to kiss me but he didn't. i later kissed him first but always teased him that he didn't kiss me in that moment we had. he confessed he wasn't sure if i wanted to be kissed. he said he wanted to kiss me more than anything. well he took me back on the hike 4 years later, and when we got to that lake, he told me this is when he knew he was first in love with me. then he got on one knee and proposed to me. i just kissed him and even forgot to say yes! so he asked, "are you going to marry me or not?" and i said of course. we got married about a year later and we just celebrated our one year anniversary in october. i've never been happier and i'm so excited to continue our life together! thank you for reading tl;dr update: my [24] boyfriend [25] of 3 and 1/2 years hasnt proposed and i'm starting to worry. i just want that promise. two year later update that he was planning on proposing all along and we have now been married for one year. i am so happy everything worked out the way it did.	😁
after years of being unsure of myself and social anxiety, i finally got a date! hey everyone, i'm kind of new here. i've glanced the occasional thread from here and you guys all seem like such a friendly group! well, i just wanted to ask a little advice. right now i'm 17, and after years and years of fighting social anxiety and obesity, i feel like i've finally found myself and am comfortable in my own skin. i grew up not having any friends really, and in the last few years at high school i made a lot of personal progress. i found out what i want to be when i grow up, where i want to go, and the friends that i feel will be around for a long time. but back to the title, this post is about me finally getting a date! it sounds kinda lame saying that but this is my first date..like ever. what can you all reccomend i do on this first date that would make it likely i'll get a second one? this post sort of became a bit of a rant so thanks for making it this far but i'd appreciate you people's advice! tl:dr- grew up fat and lonely, found direction in life, now i got a date. what do i do!	😅
i am lonely i am lonely. yet i have friends. but i still feel lonely **conclusion:* i will never stop feeling lonely and will only get worse and my friends would rather play fucking fortnite than minecraft with me.	😩
i got an oculus rift boys now my 2d anime girls are in 3d	😎
hek u ear u suck i have an ear infection (which makes my ear hurt like hell) and i've been in the car for the past 6 hours and i still got 1 left	🙃
click here(idk what to title) im going to sleep write something cool here so i can read it when i wake up	😎
it'd be really cool if you hit me up rn i'm bored so yahhh slide in the dms ok bye have a nice day	😏
i fell in love with a special ed jew. so, i met this man on tinder. initially he told me he's not looking for dating or relationships. right there and then, i should've been like okbye. well, because i'm someone whose very straightforward. seriously looking for a relationship, however i also desperately needed someone to talk to at that time, so i decided to let loose a bit and be like okay fine let's be friends (we were connecting really well) he's handsome, really freaking tall, literally the embodiment of what i consider my dream guy. his personality brings me life, seriously. we begin texting endlessly like 24/7 getting to know each other. we finally meet, and i swear i fell the moment i saw him. he's perfect to me, in every way possible. it's like a scene from one of those stupid dumb romantic movies, yeah. well anyway, i thought "oh, maybe we can be friends now, but who knows where that could lead to..." i'm delusional, okay. soooooo......later on as we're getting closer, he tells me that he's special ed, and has never been in a relationship before. also, he's jewish. h u g e emphasis on that. we come from very different religious backgrounds okay. i don't have a problem with any of that, but he seems to be the one that holds back 10000% right there and then, i'm like... okay. i need to stop talking to him. why though? just remain friends and chill out girl. the problem is....(one year later) and now i'm in love with him. do you know how much it hurts to be in love with someone that you know you'll never be with? i know for a fact, believe me. it's a new year. and i really think it's time that i move on and let this go. i am so exhausted and tired of playing this "cat and mouse" game, it'll never go anywhere. maybe i'm selfish that i want to be with him romantically. i don't know. i feel like it's time for me to get away from him, because the feelings are intense. i've never felt this way about someone before. the push and pull is so strong though. i feel like it's too hard for me to let go now, but it also hurts. all of this could've been avoided if i just made the smart choice to move on and seek what i was actually seeking in the first place. it sucks now, dating life sucks. every other man i met does not at all compare to him. i don't feel interested in any other normal guy. he's literally the only man i've been talking to for a year now.... i mean okay i talk to other guys every now and then but it ends quickly. wtf do i do? seriously need advice, because clearly i make allll the worst decisions. tl;dr	😭
let's see if this works... *screaming* keanu reeves *looking around frantically for upvotes*	😩
why can't all girls be like belle delphine? they're so jealous, that she's stealing all the from them. guys don't like them anymore	😂
biden is not my president because i, am my president swag salad	😎
now i realize how hard life is i can't do homework 'cause of depression, seriously i can't stop thinking of it, i tried running away multiple times...i can't until this point where my parents don't want me anymore,	🥺
i'm so conceited and i love myself sm but at the same time i hate myself i'm guessing this is normal lmfao	😀
i get overly attached to people for no reason. i legit care too much. one day you could be a stranger and the next i'd be going to the ends of the world for you. not even kidding. which sucks when they wouldn't do the same for you oh well, guess that's life	😐
faxts periodt tea everyone tough till [airplane mode ](<url>) comes on	🥺
hello everyone remember you're worth something, give yourself a break. if you're going through a tough time, that's ok. it happens, we have ups and downs so if you're down right now you have an upward curve coming soon. have a good weekend	😊
using a dying acronym describing my weekend when my wife has to go watch her grandma die irl this just happen five minutes ago so i have a very silent wife next to me. anyway, my wife's grandma got sick all of a sudden and won't make it through the weekend. hospice is already there and it's only a matter of time and as you can imagine it's very hard on the family. we bought her a plane ticket and she is flying out early tomorrow to be gone thursday-sunday. i'm taking off work the next couple days and will be responsible for our four kids; school drop/pick up, activities, birthday party on saturday and of course the worst is bed time and middle of the night wake ups with all kids being under 8. so she just finished packing and i mentioned i should go to bed since it was going to be a long weekend with all four kids. then for some reason i can't fathom i chose the words... "rip to me the next four days" this comes directly from banter with some of my friends when something bad happens to one of us but i don't think i have ever used it with my wife so she has no context. instead she is about to fly out and say goodbye to her dying grandma, a true rip situation and i'm bemoaning watching my own kids. tl;dr - i used the word "rip to me" because i have to watch my kids when my wife was about to go watch her grandma die irl	😐
shout out to all the aro and ace people out there you don't have to worry about getting rejected by a crush if you don't love anyone	😎
hey there good-lookin how was your day?	😏
boys aren't skinny enough they need to be skinnier filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler filler	❤️
he says he likes me, but he dosent try. so i have known this guy for about seven years now. we started hanging out in high school and then when we're out of high school he messaged me and said that he liked me and wanted to go out.the thing is though we tried to make dates but it didn't really work out so we both went our different ways. about one year ago he messaged me and said he liked me still so we started talking but he said he didn't want a relationship he just wanted fwb. i told him i'm not interested in that and we stopped talking again. now i also should say. he is probably one of the biggest trolls ever. he doesn't know how to text people. i'll try to start a conversation with him or just talk to him small talk and all he does is send me gifs or memes and emojis and he always wants to talk about the s word. now just about two weeks ago we start talking again he told me that he was interested in a relationship so we started talking but he's pretty much the same as he was. he still sends me really weird stuff and recently me and my friends were thinking about going on a double date so i've been asking him if he wants to go out with us and he'll be my date, but he keeps avoiding the question every time i ask him. he'll either change the subject or he'll send me some stupid meme with a emoji or a stupid gif, and he still always tries to bring some innuendos into the convo. that doesn't really bother me like a lot but it just annoys me when you're trying to ask somebody out and they keep avoiding the question and changing the subject but they have already said they are interested in a relationship. later on i messaged him and told him how i feel and that i want a serious relationship and i hope that's what he wants and if that's what he wants then maybe we could get together, but he hasn't responded. i really do want to get to know him better and possibly go out with him but he needs to open up more and be more talkative instead of being a creep and just sending memes and gifs all day or ignoring what i've said to him and just sending lols. i just kind of want to get your eyes opinion on what is going on. do you guys think this is work behavior? do you think he's just doing this because he's really likes me and he's nervous to talk? or should i just give up on him because it's not going anywhere? thank you :)	😂
my 21st birthday is coming up, but i have no idea what i want to do celebrate it. i am from florida, but i have lived in kentucky since october of this year. my original plan was to go down to florida because my sisters boyfriend offered to plan my party, but now he is on his way to becoming a lawyer and is way busy with the patent bar and other things. this is all fine, by the way, i am not upset and i totally understand his education is very important, but now i don't know what to do! i have no friends in kentucky to celebrate with, and i could still go to florida and just do something else, but money has been tight and i'm not sure if it sounds worth it anymore i am very excited to turn 21 but man i don't know what i'm gonna do!	🤔
i watched the breathtaking video and almost cried cause it was so wholesome	❤️
its my cake day	😎
ugly hoes be tryna flirt like "go to sleep " like bih dont mind if i do ^^^i ^^^will ^^^sleep ^^^now	🙄
need input about how to handle a situation between me (m30) and a girl i'm dating (f22) ok so it's kinda a weird complicated situation but essentially some unnecessary drama has complicated a really fun cool relationship i was/ am having with a beautiful woman that i am really into. let's call her emily. i got out of a ltr a few months before emily and i got together. when we first started hooking up emily asked me to keep it between us and i did except that my ex and i were still living together and so the ex was able to figure out me and emily were hooking up. the ex was having sex with someone she didn't want talked about and i was having sex with someone i didn't want talked about so we agreed to keep matters to ourselves. i told emily my ex knew about us but everything was chill and that the ex didn't care (which is true). long story short right before the girl left town for 3 months a mutual friend heard some distorted info and went to emily and said that everyone was talking about us and that my ex was very upset about everything and emily freaked out about it. i didn't get to see her before she left town and things ended between us in a not great way. none of the info emily heard from the friend was true. we spoke several times via the phone after she left town and things would get better and then worse and then better and then worse and eventually she told me she needed space to figure out how she feels and that is where we are now. as of today we haven't spoke in over three weeks. how can i fix this situation? is there anything i can do? it really is true that my ex doesn't care what happens between me and emily. so i feel like this rift in our relationship is pointless and unnecessary but i don't know the right way to go about mending this relationship. and i really am just so into this person that i'm finding this all extremely stressful to be dealing with. thanks for any advice! tl:dr: unnecessary drama complicates a new and fun relationship. after three weeks of space between the involved parties what steps can i take to get us back to a good place?	😭
one of those can't sleep nights. it's been a while since i've had a night like this, the girlfriend is already in bed and i'm feelin' a little lonely. i'm open to just about anything! i'll do my best not to fall asleep. edit: i went to sleep and had a great couple of hours.	😀
just got pulled over for air drumming could be much worse things going on rn but pls sir pull me over and question me over tapping my steering wheel	😐
heyo teens i feel like making someone's day since it's a friday. comment a joke and first person to make me exhale an unusual amount of air from my nose gets gold. good luck.	😳
just wanted to come on here and say how much i love my friends and family and how grateful i am for all of them. feeling especially happy tonight. have a good night.	❤️
i'm too egotistical to feel compassion over people that have anxiety jk i'm no monster. hope you're doing okay	🥺
for those of you who want the songs from when they were a kid <url> it was an apple music playlist so i hope song shift worked. enjoy	😊
does anyone else dislike vacations or is it just me? currently on vacation right now, and it's reminding me of why i tend to dislike these vacations. maybe it's because my family likes to pack a million things/suitcases for the overseas trips. maybe it's also because the hotel rooms are so mundane? i don't know, it's nice to go out, but after like 6 days, i just want to get back to my house/room and relax. does anyone else feel this way or is it just me haha	😅
my accent and speaking skills it's been around 2 years since i moved to india from the us. in the us, i was always complimented about my speaking skills and the way i gave speeches. however, nowadays i have not only become terrible at it, teachers are now critiquing my accent. what used to be quite a understandable midwestern accent is now almost gone. when i speak it really feels like i'm someone different. ngl, it seems like i lost a part of my personality	😔
i got 6 followers pewdiepie ain't got shit on me	😎
looking for a certain book about a girl with telekinesis i remember reading this young adult novel about a girl with telekinesis. the only part i remember is that she couldn't remember anything. there was a part where she was in some type of group home with a bunch of other girls with powers. at one point they were trying to convince her she was at her home and there were pictures in her room but none were of her, they were all of other girls that were supposed to be 'her friends'. i hope somebody can help me	😅
any teenagers in bermuda right now? i've been here for like a week and i leave tomorrow, but just imagine how epic it would be if another teenager was here	😎
apparently, i'm "savory". a work friend of mine were talking about wine last night at work. she said she liked white, and i asked what kind. she said she didn't know because she didn't know anything about wine! i really appreciated that kind of honesty. i, then told her a story about how i discovered the different flavors and nuances of wine, and that she should try it out. years ago a friend (a restaurant manager) asked me the same question, "what kind of wine do you like?". i admitted that i couldn't tell the difference. so, he took us to buy 4 or 5 different varieties of wine (syrah, cab sauv, merlot, etc). we put paper bags over each one and tasted each one. my eyes were opened! i told her this story and let her know how they were all reds, and i'm a "red kind of guy". she told me that she could tell, because i'm "savory". whatever she meant, it gave be manly confidence to be told i'm savory!	😊
i (27 f) do not think i will ever get over the father of my kids(28 m) so. many years ago when i was young and stupid, i fell completely head over heels for a guy friend. it was love at first sight, googlie eyed, cannot stop thinking about you, stuttering when i talk to you, torturously longing for you love. we became friends and spent most days together while i silently dreamed of the day we would be together. this went on for a year or so. we both dated other people and i just pretended to not be deeply in love with this guy, until one night of drinks and teenage stupidity lead to us both confessing our secret admirations to each other. i was above cloud nine. we lived in this elevated dream world where nothing else existed but us for a few months. things got super serious super fast. we traveled the country and experienced new towns and mountains and foods and drugs and people and everything amazing together. our love was deep and exciting. everything was glorious and intense. when things were good, they were so good......but when things were bad....i was left feeling like a shell of a human. in this fast and intense love i didn't even notice i had completely lost myself. i lost my friends, i lost my unique identity. we got rocky. on and off horrible break ups and make ups. he would leave for other girls as i was left crying and alone. and i went back every time. after about 3 years i finally had enough. i left him. we didn't speak or see each other for almost a whole year. and my life was fantastic. i built myself back up and felt wonderful. then, we ran into each other. and i immediately fell back into my old pattern. we traveled and adventures just like the old days. everything seemed wonderful. he had cleaned up his act and helped me get my head on straight. i truly thought things were great. i quickly got pregnant, and then pregnant again... things quickly went down hill. i had no friends, no job, no car. i was left hone alone with the children and made to feel insignificant. his life grew and improved and eventually he disappeared. it took seven years for me to realize what a horribly abusive relationship i had been in. i finally grew up the courage to pick myself up and see him for what he was. a narcissist, emotionally abusive ass. we have been broken up and coparenting our kids for almost three years now. things are pretty great between us and our kids are happy, healthy and loved. i have the world's most supportive/loving/caring/hilarious/insightful/amazing boyfriend ever. but. i am still in love with my ex. it is sick and wrong and i don't understand how. it takes hearing one song that reminds me of good times we had to throw me into a downward spiral of heart ache. i am in therapy and trying to work through it, but there is always that tiny voice in the back of my head wishing our family could be one. what do i do?? how do i eat my heart to understand that he is no good for me??	😭
so y'all know about the "licking the ice cream top" thing.. if i purchase some ice cream that had been licked by a girl techincally our tongues touched and that means i kissed a girl later virgins	😎
when you fake sick and ur mom makes u go to the doctor and there's actually something wrong pain	😔
this post was made by lonely gang stop ghosting me you silly heckers i'm lonely	🥺
oh,hey person on reddit what's the difference between you and a pair of glasses? * * * glasses seem to sit a bit higher on my face (wettowa) ( deg ? deg) ^(istg i'm not gonna stop posting these)	😎
bitches be like "chickens make the best nuggets" like nah bitch... you ever try people nuggets those things good af	😩
sometimes i look at couples on shows and think aw i want that seems so special	😢
my mom killed herself happened a few years ago, and it took me a while to get it over. support from my wife has been crucial, as well as from health professionals (therapist/psychiatrist) i have also got to know many people who lost a close relative (fathers, sons, brothers) as part of a therapy group, and all stories are equally dramatic. the wound that remains to the people that stay is terrible, and i wouldn't anyone go through what i have been. my mom was sick, and she was the last person anyone would think she would kill herself. she was kind, good friend of her friends, and totally devoted as a mother to her children. she had a chronic desease that went on for years. no one thought her pain was so high didn't tell anyone, didn't give any subtle sign even for intimate friends and close family that knew her even better than i did. nobody expected this. she was so discrete that except my brother, her partner, my wife and i know that she comited suicide. she left a note, and prepared the money for her funeral. everything was carefully planned. her death was silent, case was closed by the police on the same day. nobody outside the people who found her knows the truth, and will never do. we want our mother to be remembered as the extraordinary, kind and wonderful person she was, not by how she left this world. i wish i could have understood her better. i wish i realized in how much pain she was. i wish she never took this decision. now i have learned to live with this wound. i have forgiven. no guilt feelings anymore. i miss you mama, everyday. rest in peace. p.d : sorry for any gramatical errors, not native english	❤️
12:50am and all my friends are asleep i've had a rough couple days and i'm attempting to be wholesome... how was everyone's days? what's the best thing that happened to you today? what did you have for dinner? *(i understand timezones exist so feel free to describe your yesterday!)* i appreciate any and all replies and will happily engage in conversation	😁
hey you're cool	😎
i'm not allowed to call him 'my boyfriend' until he gives me the say so [advice] i've been dating this great guy for about 3 months now. it's going swimmingly i guess. never had a relationship before so i'm confused. i asked "where do you think it's going? and when my friends ask - can i refer to you as my boyfriend?" he said and i quote "it's going good and hope it continues. but i need 6 months to 1 year for me to call you my girlfriend as the last time i dated i went way too fast and she fucked me over. it takes me at least 1 year to see long term potential (we're both asian and muslim so the end goal is marriage and that often happens within a couple of years. he has told me that he would date 3 years max before getting married). you can't refer me as your boyfriend until i give the say so. you can refer to me as a guy you're dating. besides, putting a label on it would not make our relationship stronger or weaker." note: we have been exclusive (not seeing or dating anyone else) since the 1st month (5th date). we've been on 11 dates so far and hang out at least once a week. he's mentioned i don't blow up his phone (as in messaging and calling) compared to other girls he has dated. forgot to add, this dude looks like a model and could pretty much get any girl he could want so im not really sure what he sees in me lmao? he also said, "you can call me anytime you want. don't you miss the sound of my voice?" i've tried calling him over the last 2 weeks and he always picks up and never wants to get off the phone tl:dr: been dating cute guy for 3 months. am not allowed to call him my boyfriend until he says so to other people. so guys and gals of reddit, is this guy a fuckboy and will never commit? or should i just wait it out and see how it goes? what would you do?	😂
it's finally friday evening yay time to chill	😏
yoo i finally got unsuspended i'm finally off off my alt so cool u/mehateeveryone i got 300 karmas on that thing and the acc ain't even 4 days old yet	😎
i dont know who i am i just feel like i don't know who i am. i don't know what kind of personality i have or any of the appealling traits i have. some days i can go round the most confident person ever, chatty, laughing etc. then others all that confidence just seems to disappear and i get so shy and awkward. it's so random and it makes me come across as rude. i've been described as 'reallt quiet and shy' but some people and 'oh she'll talk to anyone'. i confuse myself	😩
dear superstraights. if you aren't transphobic then why did i get banned from your subreddit for saying trans rights? curious.	🤔
it is so satisfying to see your baby siblings/cousins/nephews/nieces grow up but they are growing too fast and it also reminds me that i'm getting old	😭
i wish i was like freddy mercury dead repost cause other one was tagged as spam	😔
my cat just opened a tampon now she's trying to open another one help	😭
new concept instead of people saying "i'm on that weird border of being both a millennial and genz" they should just say they're millennialz	😎
cutting my finger. (nsfw) this happened tonight. about an hour ago, in fact. here's a little bit of context. i am a crafter and i am always doing some sort of diy project. painting, upcycled projects, sewing, or random home improvement stuff. i help my mom do stuff around her house as well. so tonight i was building something with popsicle sticks and i was trying to cut the top of two that were glued together so they would stick together better when my x-acto knife slipped, cutting my middle finger. cue me letting loose a string of language that would make a sailor blush and immediately begin bleeding all over the apartment. it bled for at least 15 minutes. i held it above my heart and applied pressure and as a result i am a little bit shaky. what possessed me to do that, i don't know. i can't move my finger without it hurting and i'm kicking myself for being so absent brained. the towel i used looks like it was used to clean up a murder scene and my finger looks gross. let my stupidity be a warning to all you diy enthusiasts here on reddit. please be careful with your x-acto knives. tl;dr: i'm a clumsy oaf who has a terrible track record with knives. smh <url> photo of the cut. ouch.	😩
well i won't be coming back to school okay so this is my first post but i saw this sub on a yt video and had to post this. so when i was about 11(i'm 17 now) i was still in 5th grade meaning everyone had to do the same thing as everyone else. well i had missed a lot of school due to a cancer treatment(i'm cleared of cancer now) and i had just gotten back for a history project. now this wasn't an ordinary project we had to do. we had to make an ornament of a certain country for christmas(or if you didn't celebrate it whatever your culture celebrated). now me being german/russian i decided to go with the one i was more familiar with russia. now my moms whole side of the family is russian so i figured i could get help considering my dad doesn't speak to his german family. so i got home after school and told my mom the project, she said "you can do this yourself you don't need babushka(grandma) or ded(grandpa)" . me being the persistent asshole i was then i said"oni vse ravno skoro umrut(they're going to be dead soon anyway)and stormed away. keep in mind we live in america at the time. now here's where i fucked up. i did my project over the course of a week....and lost it the last day. so i got to school the last day of the project time limit and didn't tell anybody i lost it. not even my mom. so i was sweating bullets at school waiting for 6th period(history) and then it came along. so we're in class and the teacher told us to put our projects on the mixed tree(that's what she called it for some reason?) and there was a box on the floor where you had to pick up your ornament. you can probably see where this is going. when i go over to the box i pretended to pick mine up and put it on....... but me being a dumbass i immediately thought "oh if i use someone else's they won't think anything of it". so i picked someone else's ornament and put it on then walked back to my seat. now the part hasn't even happened yet. i went home and for about 2 days everything was fine... then we get the phone call. principal"hi mrs(my moms name) this is the principal of (my elementary school) we have evidence that your son(me) has been found of theft we need you to show up to (my school) so we can figure out a solution. so we show up and there are four cops waiting for me. and i'm sat down in front of the cops and principal and the chief of police. we have a long talk of about 3 hours and by the end i'm in tears and handcuffs. we leave the school(without the handcuffs) and go home or so i thought that's where we were going. we ended up at a boot camp and i was told that i needed to talk to the director. so we go in and i sit in front of her she begins with a professional "hi i'm (director of the boot camp) " (i'm pissing myself atm) we talk about what i did and what would happen to me then she picks up a radio and calls the drill sergeant. about 2 minutes later a big hulking buff black man walks in and screams "on your feet soldier youre in my house now" i start bawling and saying yes sir yes sir i'm sorry sir all that stuff. and that went on for 15 minutes or so. i got my punishment of staying there for about three weeks. and obviously a whooping when i got home. moral of the story do your projects and don't lose them kids. thanks for reading this tl:dr	❤️
today marks the start of my last year as a teenager. thanks guys very cool	😎
i'm sadistic without the istic	😔
teenagers of reddit hey all it's me! ya boy who likes to make other people happy i have some really good news i am finally happy again! thank you all for being there to support me i appreciate each and everyone of you, every single one of you on this sub is amazing and dont forget it i love yall	❤️
i am so proud of my country new zealand i have never seen such genuine and hard warming acts of solidarity in my life. i'm 19 and feel as though the world has gotten more and more angry over time and what has occurred has been so hard on the nation. but our nation is so blessed, to see how we are all coming together during this time. vigils are being held everywhere, women around uni campus are wearing hijabs, the mannequins in clothing stores have hijabs on. the mosques around the country are flodded with beautiful flowers and candles. although what has happened is absolutely devastating, it is beautiful so see such beautiful acts of solidarity. hate will not win. kia kaha	❤️
super long bus ride, entertain me with your questions/stories going to my parents' for the weekend and 5 min into the bus ride and i already know this will be dreadful. to top it all off, i have had a complicated week and haven't been feeling my best. let's do as the sub says and have some casual conversation! questions and tales of your own adventures are much appreciated	😀
my crush said yes to me! i've had my crush on my friend for 8 months, and i've known her since 6th grade. recently, i confessed my feelings to her, and she said she's had a crush on me for a while too. we will be starting 8th grade together as a couple instead of friends	❤️
is my (24m) girlfriend (20f) shagging her stepdad? (37ishm) ok so i don't know where to begin with this one... my girlfriend doesn't live with her mum, stepdad and their 4 kids. she sleeps round every now and then to see them. her mum works nightshifts. she's told me stories of how she smokes weed and gets high with her stepdad when her mum's at work. i met the 6 of them the other week and we went bowling, my girlfriend seemed very flirty with her stepdad (always looking at him smiling, leaving me with her mum and siblings and going to the bar with him all the time, to "give him a hand" and carry one drink each back lol). i ignored this because i know i'm a paranoid idiot and she's naturally flirty, but i'm okay with that because i know she loves me and flirting in my book is okay as long as it's not deliberately. but i was on the phone with her earlier and she was talking to her stepdad and was stroking their family dog, and said "the dogs not only one that likes a good stroke " meaning i like a good stroke, but is that something you can jokingly say around your stepdad?? he's been in her life since she was about 8, am i being really stupid and paranoid??? tldr; gf is a natural flirt, seems flirty with step dad, smokes weed with him and comfortably says inappropriate things around him (like i like a good stroke.)	😂
happy to find this sub! found this sub after posing the question 'why are people on reddit so b****y?' just wanted to say, i'm excited to find a sub explicitly against the plague of internet hostility look forward to contributing!	❤️
i hug like a savage mf lmfao	😤
what are some good compliments to give to girls? in like 2 weeks im going on a date (later virgins ) and i wanna compliment her. she is the most beautiful, hottest, smartest and funny girl in rhe world and i need to let her know. what are some good compliments?	😎
do you guys even look at the mail you get from colleges? like should i just throw it out or nah lmao im gonna be a senior next year and i have no clue what im doing for college or what im majoring in or anything like that	🙃
go to my dms and flirt with me i feel lonely. just be my friend if so	😭
obviously i'm hungry if i keep upvoting every food picture on here	😅
i cry every night before bed. i miss him so much. why did you go, tito :( why did you take the pan-slavic dream with you	😔
i'm surprised nobody on here is talking about hellasketchy, he was a teen rip	😭
is it normal to take someone out to breakfast? i kinda want to take my someone out to get like a scone or something at nearby coffee shop, just kinda want to see how she's doing. i just don't know if this is really something people do, its a very dumb question i know, i just haven't ever done it so i dunno	😅
anthem - looking for saltless freelancers! (ps4) hello friends! i wanted to see if there were any happy anthem players here looking to hook up with other like minded happy anthem players :) if you are looking for a more relaxed, salt free experience check out "saltless outcasts" in the playstation communities. just looking for anyone that loves anthem and is looking for a fun time!	👍
passion i don't know or haven't found my passion yet? has anyone here ever been in this situation before? can someone please help me to find or know my passion?	😊
for people who think they are garbage. are you garbage? then let me take you out	😳
sadness during bus ride on my way home from university, there's always heavy traffic, so it often takes me like an hour to get home. every now and then, i have my earphones on listening to some musics. but it can't stop me from feeling down. before that, at classes i laugh and talk a lot but i don't know why as soon as i'm on the bus, i start to feel like the end of the world. all the sad things come to my mind, then i start to feel really lonely in a world full of people, then i'm worried about my future, whether i'm right or not choosing the field i'm studying. i don't know what i'm going through, just to share, it's been like that for a month. maybe i should change to my bike.	😐
since coming out i got myself a boyfriend and i'm so happy, it might not seem much to other people but it's a massive milestone for me	😁
slicing a piece of meat off so i received my fingerless mechanix gloves today, went and try it on and then holding my toy guns i use for cosplay. "looking good" i say to myself, i went on and tried out wielding my one handed victorinox swiss army knife, opening it wasn't a problem but closing it, to close it you had to push a lever like mechanism that holds onto the blade, i tried that one handed and then *splice*, a chunk of meat came off my thumb. i just stood there for what seemed like an eternity, my brain then decided to start keeping the stuff lying around and then processing to walk towards the basin and soaking it for 5 minutes. applied bandage after that even though it was still bleeding. welp, bright side is this didn't happen at a cosplay event, saved me a ton of embarrassment. tl;dr a chunk of meat came off iykwim	😏
what was your "gateway" drink to coffee? i was thinking about this on my way to work the other day. i recently tried dunkin's cold brew and the coffee taste is so much stronger (in a good way!). then i was like... wow. i started off drinking medium iced caramel swirl light and sweet like 5 years ago. now i drink coffee with just cream, no sugar. soon i bet i'll be drinking black what was your gateway drink?	😂
should i tell my friend i had a dream of them should i text this girl that in my dream last night we both did the dirty deed together . i guess this is trivial and wanted to get this off my mind, so i posted it here. i think i'm going to tell her but more as a joke	😂
racist joke incoming so a black guy walks into a bar. he sits down and orders a drink. until a couple minutes later a lady taps him on the shoulder. "what do yo-" he stops for a moment and realizes it's his ex girlfriend. "honey you gotta pay for childcare!" she shouts "welfare enough..."	😏
letting my 12 year old sister swim with me resulting in a bleeding eye obligatory this happened a few days ago around four or five (tl;dr at the bottom) so, in my family, it's kind of well-known that me and my sister don't go well together, and if the two of us together aren't arguing then my sister's trying to kill me. so obviously, good peaceful times between the two of us are very very rare. that day i was in a good mood, and we were with our cousin anyway, so i was swimming in their pool, when my sister comes along and jumps right in too, effectively splashing at least a bottle's worth of water into my mouth (i was doing backstroke then) causing me to choke. i was like whatever i'll leave her be, i'll try be nice to her for once, as long as she doesn't pull something. but ykno wut, next second she pulls out four water guns from i have no idea where. and starts shooting everyone in sight. like literally. even the bodyguard. sometimes i wish we were allowed to put signs on people, because this sister of mine needed one saying danger please beware. and i'm not exaggerating when i say this. because when i come up from underneath the water, she somehow decides it's a good idea to shoot me in the eye, of all places, with the highest power gun she has. i can't see for a bit, cos the shot makes me go blind in that eye for around six seconds. and i just scream for a bit, because being someone with vision that goes wonky sometimes suddenly not being able to see kinda freaked me out. also cos i'm scared of the dark and it kinda felt like i just got engulfed by a wave of fresh black. i start feeling liquid running down my cheek out of my eye, and i just assume it's tears, so i start wiping it off my face. before my cousin starts yelling for my dad. yep, my eye was bleeding, thanks a lot sis. i'm fine now, but i ended up in hospital for a bit, and they had to check my eye, i don't even know what my eye looked like to make it bleed, but apparently they did something to let me see cos they kinda knocked me out for a bit. idk i just got out yesterday, and i'm feeling better, have to admit. but i can't say the same for my sister lol, she's gonna die when i get my hands on her tl;dr: let my sister play in the pool even though we hate each other to the point my sisters got me into a lot of situations where i get injured badly, and ended up being admitted into hospital with a bleeding eye cos she shot me in the left with a high power water gun	😂
how do you all decide which books to keep and which to give away/sell? how do you manage your collection? title says all! i'm sorta stuck in a way. on average i read one book every week to week and a half, and unfortunately i have limited space, only one room in an apartment. i also tend to have an aversion to things like bookshelves because i don't like things collecting dust. i have bunnies and dust and fur get all over my stuff so i prefer easy tidying. on top of this i also prefer to not have a lot of "stuff". when i have a lot of things, or at least things that are maybe unorganized/not necessary, i get mental clutter and then i sorta fail at doing life things. but then i go, "well i really enjoyed this book and i paid x amount for it (usually on average like $20 because i buy new) so i might wanna read it again". but then.. i'm gonna have a build up of so many books see my problem? i suppose that ebooks would be a solution but i'm old school and to me it's really just not the same at all and i can't get on board. anyone have this issue? how do you guys choose which books to keep and which to get rid of? how do you get rid of them? i like giving back to the community so i've considered donating maybe to schools and/or libraries. let's get a discussion going!!	😂
i (25m) want an extremely hot girl to tell me whether or not i'm hot and be brutally honest. any volunteers? i'll give you my snapchat i guess i'm not even joking i just need to know	😂
just passed a half eaten chicken wing on the sidewalk. nature is beautiful ok also idc about yalls opinions on tik tok but should i just start posting i feel like my call to fame could really happen as a college student	❤️
stressing out about some papers that i put off, plz chat to keep me sane also stressin about some shit that i can't change anymore. well i guess i technically can't change the fact that i procrastinate either, but i'm sure i'll get these papers done in time and all. just stressin about em. ones an op-ed on the masterpiece cakeshop scotus case and the other is an international relations paper	🙃
i have been homie-zoned yesterday my friend (who i have had a crush on for a while) called me "homie" and "bro" in what i think was a deliberate attempt to let me know i'm in the friend zone	😔
a new youtube channel hello i'm a special ed teacher and i have started to read books on my youtube. i really need some feed back and would love if you could check it out. thanks and have a wonderful day <url>	❤️
when ur wifi starts being bad	😔
if i ever meet someone famous is asking for a photo w/ them a bad idea? it's always cool to get to take a photo with someone you look up to or who you've always wanted to meet, but is it rude to ask? i mean like they probably get asked all the time, but i don't just wanna not say anything at all if i ever do meet someone. do you think it's okay to ask for photos or would it be better to ask for something else like a hug instead?	🤔
my boyfriends 18th birthday presents. hi everyone. my boyfriends birthday is in a few weeks. as of current i have bought him a leather phone case with his name engraved and limited edition hungry jacks cups he has missed out on. my plan was then to also get a self care basket with a couple colognes and a face wash and mens bath bombs because he has baths a lot. i am overthinking a lot and worrying he might not like them which will suck. i found this smart watch which i thought might be good for work as he dosent have one but it still looks classy but not too classy. should i get him the watch? i also had the idea to get him a lego set (the stormtrooper one) as he always jokes about me getting him lego and it's a display one so he would probably actually like it. i already know what he is getting me for my birthday which is a necklace to replace one i currently wear all the time. ahhhhhh teenage boys please help me if someone is willing to help me over pm over the next few days while i decide what to get him, that would be great!! tl;dr struggling to figure out what to get my bf for his 18th and am begginning to worry he won't like what i've gotten him.	😂
lazy ass bf 24 yr old female, living with 25 year old male and his parents. male does not like to do anything and is going on 4 months (all together) without a job. i personally feel like he should not be as spoiled as he is... i just got him the playstation platinum headset.. 250$ i don't have and that could have went towards something else.. i feel like i have a child... his parents make it seem like him being without a job is okay... tldr: my fiance acts like a child and i'm going insane... someone please help me	😭
my afk fish farm is running at home while i'm at school. it's running with a god rod. luck of the sea 3, lure 3, unbreaking 3 and mending. i'm expecting 10 or so full double chests. get on my level	😎
it is currently 6pm and i am already very sleepy i would sleep if you were to sleep with me.	😳
i just realized something really weird i have more pictures of my sister than my girlfriend on my phone	🤔
be honest, you are in love with me ahah be honest dude	😂
i'm officially 28 now. today starting 10 min ago (pacific time) i (f) turned 28 years old. my life is good. i own my own business and have 9 acres of land and 2 horses and i awesome dog. i am proud of myself. the only downside to working so hard to get where i'm at in life has created a situation where i have basically no friends. my so (m29) of 7 years is not the best at giving gifts or treating me special in any kind of way and this has always bothered me. i like birthdays and i feel as though someone should always feel good about the day they were brought into this world and i dont expect much but knowing he wont so anything sucks. anyway i am proud to of been able to successfully get through another year of my life. happy birthday to me!	😀
do u recognize me im pretty cool, sometimes i make unfunny posts and sometimes i post shitty opinions (except for the baggy shirt one i love baggy shirts they are amazing)	😎
not triple bagging piss tifu while i was trying to pass a drug screen for a job application. unfortunately larger companies continue to drug test in a manner that unfairly punishes marijuana smokers (weed can stay in your system as long as 30 days, despite nit smoking recently, depending on previous usage; whereas harder drugs will leave your system sooner) and i was required to take a piss test. i did not have enough notice to attempt a cleanse of some sort or to at least stay clean for a few weeks so i asked a friend for some pure columbian, grade a, all natural and drug free urine. my friend kindly obliged yet as we had never done this before, our chosen method of transporting said piss proved to be less than adequate. the urine started in a warmed thermos to maintain temperature en route to the facility. this worked fine, and upon arrival i transferred the pee to a ziploc sandwich bag that i could hide in my pants. i had tested this method earlier in the day, and one bag with an attached hand warmer proved enough to maintain the piss for a short time. for extra security, i double bagged my sample and stashed it in my crotch, just below my man purse. everything seemed a ok as i approached the building, and i didnt think twice about it as i signed in and began my wait. the wait was about 45 minutes, despite the place being empty. the first 30 minutes went by flawlessly, i even went to the bathroom once to inspect the package and ensure its safety. as i came out of the bathroom my friend returned and sat in the waiting room with me. after another 5 minutes we both began to notice an unusual odor, very musty and clearly of pissly origin. the foul stench emanated from beneath me, and before i had time to react, my name was called. as i stood i felt between my legs and realized in horror, that a small dinner plate sized circle of leaking urine had formed between my legs. an equally repulsive wet stain remained on my chair, right next to my shocked donor buddy. i hung my head in shame as i shambled towards the bathroom, attempting to hide my obvious "accident" from the attendant. as i entered the bathroom i realized i still had enough piss to salvage the test, if not my dignity. i used the remaining liquid gold to satisfy the cups demands, and awkwardly shuffled out, positioning myself to avoid showing off my wet ass. i even turned my pants around so as to better place the stain between my legs and up near my crotch, limiting its visibility. i have no clue if the doctors or attendants could see my mishap, and thankfully they were polite enough not to comment, however i and my now diminished pride will never forget, the day i pissed myself, and took the walk of shame through the doctors office. cheers to maybe still getting the job	😂
can i wear ur hoodie pleaseeeee i'm cold and u can wear mine if u want also give me a hug	🥺
my girlfriend/mother of my child is extremely negative about anything and everything and i dont know what to do. so i have been with my girlfriend now for over 2 years and in this time have also had a beautiful girl who we both absolutely adore. recently however i feel completely trapped in a very strange relationship and i dont know what to do. when i first got with my girlfriend she had attitude behind her but it was never towards me. she would (and still does) get agitated by anything, if someone said something or done something very minute she didnt like she would have to let the whole world know how shes pissed off because of it. even tiny things like watching the tv and the remote falls to the floor it would be a massive deal where she would let out a massive sigh and would stomp around when picking it up, again, letting the world know she is annoyed. i'm a quite a chill guy, i always try and think positive and the majority of people who get to know me seem to be the same when they're around me which is cool. because of this i thought she might be the same and for a long time she was but then it changed. these little annoyances would also be aimed towards me and when i would bring it up to her she would deny it when it clearly was. going to places with her is an absolute chore at times. we go shopping and a place hasn't got the item she wanted? she will have a attitude on her for the majority of the day. people walking slow in front of her, majorly pissed off like someone's just attacked her or something. visiting places and sight seeing she isnt interested and has to make a point how it's all boring and pointless to her. she doesnt have many friends and tbh i can see why. a lot of them stopped talking to her, they never explained why but its obvious why. i have quite a lot of friends and due to past experiences i never bring her to anything. i have been on nights out with her where she has spoken to friends, some best friends, like absolute shit for no reason whatever. they haven't done anything wrong, chill like myself and they dont know what to say back so awkwardly play it off with humour. i get made to feel guilty now when i go out with friends because shes not included and doesnt get to do these things herself so its "not fair". we have a beautiful 9 month baby who absolutely adores me and i her. my girlfriend for the most is great with her and does a lot for her but then will sometimes speak to the baby like an adult. if the baby doesnt want to go to sleep my gf will get very angry with her and swear etc. if i chime in and tell her to calm down/stop swearing i get a ear load of abuse back and are made out that i havnt got a say in it because i'm not the one getting her to sleep/feeding/changing her at that time etc.. it's very weird. theres been time and time again where i have nearly walked and everytime she has begged me to come back and i have after a few hours. her father was and is in the army so at a young age (about 8) her and her younger brother where sent to a boarding school and she hated it. she was there till she was 16 which then she lived with her auntie and two cousins. her attitude was bad there as eventually her auntie made her dad tell her she needs to move out and find a flat which her dad would pay for. her mum and dad are nice and they separated recently, both living with other partners who both have teen children or children turning into teens. i think this makes it worse as she never got that same experience with her mum and dad which is why shes so hateful. i've offered countless support, and i get it thrown back in my face everytime. she says she will changed but never does. my family are starting to realise this as shes even been the same around them so the house we live in feels like so dark all the time as we all feel as though we are treading on egg shells. every day i fake happiness with her for the sake of the baby. i'm scared that if we split she will be twice as bad with the baby and then the baby will grow up with the same attitude etc. i also really like her family, her cousins are amazing and her brother is a great lad, because of them i've met new friends and as you can guess she didnt, i just dont know what happend down the line with her for her to be like this or maybe her natural personality. i just cant do this anymore, its eating at me every day. we share no common interests at all, i'm really into sport and all things nerdy. i could sit at home watching any type of film and she wont enjoy it, i would happily go out for drinks or visit places she wouldn't want to do that, there would be and has been a massive moan. dont get me wrong we do have a laugh sometimes, but it's nothing major. if we didn't have a child i would be gone, statistically children do better when parents arnt separated but honestly i think it would be worse for the little one uf we did stay together as i dont think the arguing we ever end. i used to keep quiet but i dont anymore, and i'm past caring for my gf. i dont love her romantically anymore, just love her in a wouldn't want anything bad to happen to her way. any thoughts? sorry for the huge amount of info. there would be more in all honesty but trying to not go too mental . thanks.	😂
ok i'm out of coins now no more awards from me	😔
none of my friends or cousins answer my calls anymore filler	😔
1 updoddle = 1 squat mods won't let me say upvote anyway tryna get healthy n shit!!	😳
if you want my body and you think i'm sexy, come on sugar, let me know tell me so, baby	😳
feeling dumb might do something unhealthy later idk dont know what it is yet but ill figure it out	😁
i'm never lucky in lucky draws. today i attended an event with my parents and they held a lucky draw. my parents got lucky but i wasn't so, as always. i think the only time i got 'lucky' was when they prepared gifts for every single attendant. anyone else unlucky in lucky draws or just anything?	😂
boyfriend of 2.5 years emotionally cheated w/ client. i found out last night that my boyfriend emotionally cheated on me with his client. i say emotionally because i'm sure it never became physical, and he described it as her being the closest person to him besides me for the past few months. we've had our share of relationship bumps here and there. most recently we've both been a bit stressed and haven't been as emotionally attentive to one another as we should be. he usually has his sister to turn to, but she's going through her own shit atm. we both work at the same small place, so i know this girl. i had been a bit suspicious in the past and mostly as of late, but i forced myself to brush it off and i felt crazy like i was making up a big scenario in my head over nothing. well, turns out i wasn't crazy . he said that he and her started getting closer and they began texting frequently outside of work and "sharing things with one another", but he says it never got sexual, just pretty flirty. he said he realized it was becoming inappropriate when he could see both of us get uncomfortable around one another. he apologized over and over and said he felt so guilty and like such a bad person. he said when he realized it was becoming an inappropriate relationship he got coffee with her and expressed his concern. he said they still have contact outside of work but not as much. when he saw how hurt i got from this though he promised to not have any outside contact with her anymore. idk what to do. i haven't slept a wink. i am so hurt, but also relieved at the same time that he told me. he could have easily kept it a secret for a long time. i don't know how to feel better about this. any and all advice is welcome.	😔
fun fact for you all someone got a fish stuck in their urethra	😳
i would say how hot of a guy i am... but sadly, i am asian -ron, the almighty rat king	😔
my (30f) bf (28m) cursed me in his sleep? together 4 years in may. we have been arguing and bickering lately but i thought we resolved everything. he has always talked in his sleep but it is incoherent mumbling usually. last night, as plan as day he said "fuck you, you fucking bitch" ...he rarely cusses so i was kind of shocked that came out of his mouth. he was definitely asleep. am i crazy to think he's holding on to resentment towards me about something? should i just let it go? tldr- is my bf fighting with me in his dreams, should i address it?	😳
new year's grinch is anyone else avoiding social media the next couple days? i'm excited for the new year but the idea of an endless feed full of empty new year's resolutions, fluffed up thankful year end posts, and glam shots just makes me cringe. looking forward to a quiet low key celebration! wow i'm becoming such a grouch happy new year everyone!	😂
i broke the system so we had a rule that you couldn't touch your phone in class. like the rule said word for word "you can't touch your phone in class". so i basically just wiggled my phone out of my pocket, readjusted it so it was in a good position and connected my bluetooth controller to it. bam, minecraft in school (they made a rule that you couldn't even have your phone on school grounds after like a week but who cares...)	😎
telling girl i had small penis before i got anything so it all started on a date to the movies at a pretty local area. everything was going well, we made out in the theater, had some good laughs enjoyed food and genuinely had a good time. (as good as a date to the movies could go) i could tell she liked me a lot cause she kept getting close to me and we had some pretty deep conversations for a first date. i'd been talking to the girl on the phone for about a week before, but she seemed to feel comfortable around me so i was pretty happy to have someone who i could connect too. we made out a couple more times behind some buildings and on benches and stuff and kept talking, holding hands, felt like we'd been dating for months but it was still a first date. we met through some of our mutual friends that we originally went on the date with but separated after the movie. it was pretty dark and we were walking on a pretty unpopulated path behind the theater/mall. she took my hand to an alley/bushy area not visible to the main road. she looked at me in the eyes kissed me and said "can i go down?" i said yes! "but i'm not gonna lie it's not that big, like at all" i know i facepalmed instantly! she said "oh... well, maybe it's not time then?" she got back up and said "sorry i asked..." i didn't say anything cause i was just freaking the fuck out. the entire date from there was awkward and i could have easily just said "no it's fine" but i didn't. today is a regretful day ladies and gentleman... a regretful day indeed. tl;dr: was about to get head from a girl, told her my dick was small and she didn't really wanna do it anymore.	😭
locked myself out of the apartment tifu by knowingly locking myself out of the apartment without realizing i didn't have the key.	😅
letting a guy slap me during sex yea yea, didn't actually happen today. happened last month, but i waited because there's an ending to the story now. imagine this, you're partaking in some lovely, plastic bottle vodka. you're more than a little bit tipsy. and you're a single, horny 20 year old who... doesn't want to talk about the effects casual sex has left, for better or for worse. now that's not you, stop imagining its you, because its me. so i'm drunk and horny and have one consistent casual partner who's busy. there's a nice gentleman who recently was released from serving time that had been kinda desperate hitting me up. he genuinely is alright, had some really cool aspirations before he was put in a scary situation. i thought he was cute but casual sex with multiple partners does a toll on my mental health, it took being drunk to forget about my mental health and hit him up. kinda like he would end up hitting me. he comes over, we get drunk, things get lewd between us. its his first time having sex in months and he's rough. everything is consensual, he's very respectful in that regard. at some point one of his slaps hit the side of my head and it hurts. i react and am obviously in not-good pain and he instantly starts apologizing. then we continue, i wear him out, we pass out, and i have him leave in the morning. totally bragging, he's not the first to say it was the best he had. that stuff is one of the only things boys tend to like me for. i'm awesome my ear feels like it has cotton in it. if i pinch my nose, air comes out of my left ear. okay, this is weird. during my shower i tilt my head to get water in there, thinking this may relieve it....noooooo, no bitch it didnt. bless the bdsm lord in heaven who granted me coincidentally having a doctors appointment that day for unrelated issues la dee da i got to the doctor and say something like "you, doctor, why doeseth thy ear feeleth as if cotton is fucking shoved up in there." the doctor, cowering in fear of my threatening stature of 5'6 and 160lb, takes a peek into my ears. i have a perforated eardrum and some redness. its a medium sized hole. i demanded the medical fool make me an appointment with an audiologist that day. then i bid her farewell as i go to the next doctor. (for real though, the doctor was so worried when asking me how it happened) next doctor is like well it certainly is a hole and puts a little band aid on it. suddenly... no cotton in my ear. hearing is easy now. i told the guy who did it what happened and my roommate says i was too chill, she would have kicked him out. i wasn't even mad at him, it was funny. he was apologetic and offered to make me dinner soon. less than 2 days later hes posted pictures of him cuddling a girl on his snapchat story, the first one i swiped up and said it was a cute photo. he left it on read. then after a more affectionate picture of them was posted i was like "so you have a girlfriend?" and he responds yes and about how he doesn't want to lead me on or something and i immediately block him and his phone number. i've got really bad abandonment and trust issues so this fucks me up. i was barely attracted to him and had no intention of dating him, but his actions left me really sad. i continue my life and struggle with those goddamn putty ear plugs i have to wear in the shower. a month passes and its today. time to remove the goddamn band aid and find out my hearing in my left ear is gone and that my ear is necrosing. okay, so the actual results were that it healed wonderfully. i suffered no hearing loss (which is great because i'm also a little rave girl who tries to protect her hearing). in fact i learned my hearing is just fine in both ears! its symmetrical and good. i squealed when finding this out. so now we're here. i've got out scratch free (well they've healed by now) and suffered no real consequences. don't worry, still learned my lesson. i'd love to end this with something endearing like i'm now dating a great person and living my best life but sadly a whole 30-ish days later and still meeting awful boys who hurt my feelings. and still clinically depressed. although i've recently stopped drinking. whatever, i ended up with a absolutely hilarious story i'll never tell my children. tl;dr- boy slaps me during sex and blows a hole in my ear drum. was worried about repercussions initially. got hearing tested, all healed up with good hearing ability. ps sorry if my tones inconsistent or weird in this. i'm so fucking hangry and its all i can think about	😎
how to respond to girl who took 24hrs to reply? i (22m) texted this girl (22f) that i'm into yesterday that i had to cancel our date due to a funeral (legitimate) and asked her if we could reschedule for wednesday instead. she replied just a couple minutes later saying she was sorry and then asked what time on wednesday? i replied a few minutes later suggesting the time as a response to her question and it took her 24hrs to reply to that. she agreed to the time i suggested, but yet it took her a day later and then said 'sorry i'm just now replying' with a face. her friends seem to say this is pretty standard with her, even for them, so i don't think much about it, but how should i respond? say something clever like 'i was getting worried about you!' or just reply by saying 'see you then!' tldr, this girl took 24hrs to reply to my text.	😂
how do i make people give me awards? i've been in hot several times but never got an award... i dont want to sound rude or something... but i'd like to get an award or something.	😊
currently eating a hot pocket life is good	😎
hooked anyone? has anyone else read the story "trevor and the virgin" on hooked? like i didnt even realize that kayla parent came out with a part 2 for it. i cant wait to read it and wait 15 minutes between each half of the chapter	🙄
lucid dreaming is cool i am not a virgin in the dreamworld, cya virgins!	😎
if someone sends you an unsolicited dick pic just say "it's so small..." that will make them regret it	👍
anyone know something about u/pugpartner? please guys... i started to talk with him in july, after i've seen a selfie post, that he posted here. we were talking to like the first week of december. we could share anything to each other. and then... we just didn't talk anymore. i really fear, something bad happened with him. like got killed, raped etc. i'm still worrying about him as hell. please! only 1! please say is he ok or not.	😭
cherish the people who make an effort with you i've been going through a really shitty time for a few months for reasons far too depressing to discuss here. suffice it simply to say that i'm incredibly tired and that i've been struggling to stay motivated. this weekend my best friend from graduate school drove 4 hours through miserable weather to come visit me. as the weekend progressed, i could slowly feel myself "coming back to life." i honestly haven't laughed or had fun in months and having her here was absolutely fantastic. we ate pizza and chinese food, we watched trashy 2009 episodes of "millionaire matchmaker" and we went to go watch captain marvel (absolutely amazing). and last night she went to the store and cooked me a proper home cooked meal, something i hadn't done for myself in weeks. so i just wanted to come say thank you, jane. i appreciate you, and your visit has energized me more than you'll ever know. i'm going to be better, i promise, and next time i'll be ready when you need me again	❤️
what's the cutest pet a person could have? cat? nope. dog? only while they're puppies. turtle? nope. hamster? eh. now think about a bunny.. i'm already melting.. lmao so i had a pet bunny (used to call her bun bun) and she was so fluffy. no but seriously that bunny had super powers. my mom hated animals (even the cute ones ) idfk why she just does. but as time went by she started loving my bunny i'm like tf? she mine, get ur own bunny lmao. no but ya i had to leave bc military and i keep seeing bunnies from r/rabbits and holy cow i keep melting	😭
so basically every time someone makes fries or something i say i don't want any then i ask for one of theirs when it's finished anyways i think my natural estrogen levels are rising	😳
im going on a sleep strike because my mom told me to go to sleep	😎
quit my old shitty job for a job where i make my own on hours (not an mlm) and i couldn't be happier i recently worked for a chain pizza company that always had ridiculous shifts. a 11 hour shift was considered pretty good. but i'll never forget the time i worked a 14&1/2 hour shift and that caused my will to diminish. i work for a 3rd party delivery company and the background check came back clean so i'm starting very soon! this means i won't have to miss my girlfriends sisters wedding which my girlfriend really wanted me to go and i was stressing hardcore cause there was practically no way i would be able to get the time off. but now i'm my own boss have a great day y'all	😎
any recomendations im thinking about buying detroit become human but i dont want to spend my precious savibgs without looking at other options please srs answers only i dont want to end up woth nintendogs what is your favourite game what does it cost, whats it about and whats the gameplay like	😁
i have something very important to say and itd mean a lot if you could take a little bit of time out of your day to read it the diary of a wimpy kid series continues to be heralded as mankind's magnum opus in literature. the entire narrative is delivered by the titular unreliable narrator greg heffley, who draws many parallels to billy pilgrim in kurt vonnegut's classic novel "slaughterhouse-five". the plot itself is a deconstruction of the metaphysics behind mortality and spirituality, which is carried out by a diverse cast of flawed and thus ultimately human characters. the frequent symbolism conveyed through its many recurring motifs (namely the infamous "cheese" which presents itself during critical moments of exposition) leaves many exercises for the reader's mind. the writing is often cryptic and sparse, with much of the dialogue being carried out in mccarthy-esque prose; rowley, the story's archetype for existential angst, often repeats the phrase "zoo wee mama". this particular line often transpires with little to no prior context, usually coming off as as a bizarre non-sequitur - this could perhaps be a nihilistic metaphor for the true meaninglessness and absurdity of the human condition. jeff kinney has left behind the puzzle pieces for us to piece together, but we never may get to truly see the whole picture of this sprawling tale. the wimpy kid writes not a diary, but a prophesy.	❤️
good morning for u lot at lest i need to get so bloody sleep, 1am australia life	🙃
almost six months ago, my beautiful wife bid farewell to this entire world and it's time to let it out. tl/dl lost wife almost 6 months ago. wanting to put her and my story out there. has been a hard week with the holidays and the nearing of her sixth month since departing so traumatically, i need to let more of this out. i had been out of town working for over a year, flying home on holidays every chance i got. christmas 2017, i could see things were worsening for her. there were empty liquor bottles displayed like trophies. it was both saddening and frustrating. she'd desperately wanted a new dog, to which i obliged. 2018 came and i went back to work 1,000 miles away. easter afforded me a trip home to see my wife and meet our new dog. after returning to work from easter break, i knew she'd gotten depressed and isolated, but i didn't know how deeply. her outgoing vivacious attitude and mesmerizing smile could fool most, even myself at times. the project i was on completed in the summertime and i returned home asap. once home, things were pretty amazing. i was able to share six beautiful and amazing days with the woman i'd given my heart to long ago. the 7th day came and from the time i woke up, something was seriously awry. she was angry, i'm unsure at what or whom, but seemed directed at me. usually i could talk her down, but not that day. she had left to stay with someone in her family, but returned home to further escalate the situation. i said i'd leave if that's what needed to be done, so i did. about a mile down the road, i got a rush of fear coming through my body. i turned around and drove as quickly as a i could back home. within moments of getting out of my vehicle, i heard the blast that would forever change my existence. i ran inside and administered pressure to the exit wound as i called emergency services. i feel like i had about 5 seconds that she could focus on what i was saying, then her eyes just went blank and hazed. i held pressure until the paramedics took over. my wife had a long history of traumatic experiences that hadn't exactly been helpful to her mental health. i kinda always had a sickening feeling that she'd end her life one day, just not as soon as it happened	😢
my parents aren't being supportive of my engagement so my boyfriend[25m] and i[24f] have been together for a couple of years now and the other day he proposed my parents lackluster reaction has been getting to me considering literally everyone else has been happy for us. when i told my mom, she just looked at the ring and told me to show my dad and nothing else was said about it and it's been a few days. when i told my dad, he just asked me if i told my boyfriend that i wasn't ready to get married yet and that he needed to be established. my boyfriend doesn't have his own place but we wanted to get one together and i wasn't ready to move in until we were engaged so now we are looking at places. another thing, i'm still living at home until i finish school and my mom has said that i can't leave home until i get married but my fiancee and i are looking to live together soon and get married next year. i know that this is gonna be another argument but i'm ready to move out. i'm just scared that i will be cut off if i do move out before then and then there's the fact that my dad is kind of verbally abusive so i'm worried about dealing with that until i move out. basically i need help on how to move forward with this. feel free to ask any questions. tl:dr my parents aren't supportive of my engagement and don't want me to move out until i get married so i'm stuck between a rock and a hard place.	😊
what's your favorite video game romance? when it comes to the mass effect trilogy, i'm a full fledged liaramancer i'm about a quarter of the way through the vanilla game of the witcher 3 and i like triss more than yennefer so far	😂
in hospital and they don't really know what's wrong with me	😔
holy shit guys so it's my birthday today and my mom just reminded me that i was born at 4:20pm. so you know, i'm pretty cool	😎
i'm (21) feeling like a bad boyfriend for being so jealous for my gf (20 so my gf don't have any male friends at all, not because of me but because we both were religious in the past. we never discussed about knowing other boys/girls and never talked about boundaries. today she called me and told me she met a gay dude and they talked a lot and she asked me if i care about them being and touch and maybe meet. i told her i need some time to think about it. my conclusions are: - i want to trust her whatever she sees other gay/straight guys. - every time i'm thinking about her talking to other guys i'm getting anxious and stressed. - i don't want to be this jealous and needy boyfriend who tells his gf what to do and who to talk to. - i don't want our limited time together (we usually meet only on the weekends) to somehow be "spent" on other guys, gays nor straight. - generally i have trust issues and i'm really terrified of getting cheated. so from one side i want to trust her and give her all the freedom and support that she needs and i know i can't hide her from the world and the other guys in it but from the other side i'm getting anxious every time she talks to someone else even my closest friends and i can't imagine her hanging out with some other dudes even though i trust her almost 100%. your thoughts? - **tl;dr** my gf told me she met a gay dude and she asked me if i care if they'll be in touch and meet from time to time and i feel like i do.	😔
i just got a call... i just got a call from my doctor and her response to when i first said "hello" was "hi is this insert my name's mom?" i was terrified mind you i'm 18 and i don't have a good relationship with my mother so i legit panicked!! and said "no it's not her mom it's *my name.." moral of the story i'm glad i'm an adult now & i don't have to deal with my parents. bye.	😊
its 4 am and i cant sleep this is so epic i really wanna sleep someone help	😎
fear of showing how i feel i'm 18 and there is this girl that i really like that i have been hanging out with a lot over the past few weeks. i've never been in an intimate relationship and i'm terrified of rejection. i feel like i have so much love to give but i'm scared that she won't feel the same and will only want to be friends. i want to show her how much i like her but i have no idea what to do. any help is greatly appreciated.	❤️
i can't post images i'm pretty sure it's cause the mods deleted one of my posts yesterday for being "nsfw" smh	😐
kinda wish i could exchange my skin for a new one idk i never thought i'd live this long and i just feel. ugly and gross and i had a realization i'll have to live with certain scars my entire life and i can't fathom the idea of living to an old age and still having them and having to explain them because i can barely handle explaining them now existence is difficult	👍
racist people are blacktose intolerant if you're blacktose intolerant, get outta here, buster	😤
does anyone else hate when you walk in front of someone and then you decide to move but then they move with you and then it happens a second time until you finally decide to be the one to move away? it happened at school now and it was embarrassing	😐
relationship [m24][1 year] broke. she treated me badly. how to continue? let it go? my (ex)gf[23] and i have known each other for quite some time. we have dated in high school and i was her first boyfriend. things broke when she had to move away. since then we kind of had an on-off thing going. we both knew at some point we might end up back together. we started dating other people but never lost track of each other, meeting sometimes and even having sex. we almost had a relationship , at least i wanted to but she did an exchange term and she shut me down. i was kind of sad but also understood it. once she returned from her exchange term, we started texting more. she went through a rough patch mentally and even had panic attacks. anyway the texting intensified and she proposed getting back together. i was the perfect guy for her and she would be happy to have me back. i just got out of a relationship and thought let's give it a try. we never were at a phase where we lived close to each other and i really had immense feelings for her. we both have a connection that is really unique. we share the same interests, we are each other's type and we have a long history. in the beginning it felt beautiful. everything was great, we did city tours. the sex was amazing. she complained that she never had an orgasm in her life before (other than when masturbating) and i changed that. she liked that i was well endowed (as she remembered it) and couldn't get enough of me. she still went through a rough phase in her life. it felt good to be there for her. we did loads of family stuff, i was invited to birthdays of her family members and her family still knew me and really loved it that we were back together. they said that we were a great fit. then she had to move away to another european city for her master degree. we knew it was going to be tough but swore to each other to go through with it. i am applying for masters degree and thought about doing it in her city (currently working). things changed. she became increasingly annoyed by me and more cold and distant. at the same time she was sorry. she proposed an open relationship, but i said it was not an option for me. she started texting less and less and seemingly less interested. she said the thought of me visiting her made her nauseous. i normally would have pulled the plug but she meant a lot to me so i wanted to do everything i could to make it work. it got really bad at the end. she couldn't even write heart emojis and only replied in short sentences. it was really cruel. but i decided to wait until we met in person. we did so. when we met , she could barely hug me. we spent some days at my family during holidays. we talked it through. she essentially said she has been in constant doubts if i was the right one for her. and she doesn't know anymore if she just chose me because she had a tough time at that moment. she kept mentioning how she didn't have these worries with her other ex bfs. i said i found it curious because in the beginning she mentioned how i was better in every way than them, but okay. we were in bed together when we finally broke up. it felt so awkward that she literally had to lie on the complete opposite edge on the bed. just a few months ago she couldn't let go of me. she cried really hard. she said she was so sorry and she doesn't know what was wrong with her, why she feels so trapped. she said she wanted to stay friends because of our history. i told her i was not convinced. i said that i can't imagine staying friends with anyone who felt so repulsed by me. i told her i needed space. she didn't like it. she said breaking up was a chance for her to release the pressure and maybe find back together. i didn't understand it. after the breakup she kept texting me asking me how i was. i told her i needed space. she said just contact me when you are ready. i said i didn't know if that was ever going to happen again. for her, it was devastating. she told me she already missed me and said she would like it if i came to study in her city. i said let's take a few weeks off and maybe have a phone talk then when the minds are settled. i really don't know what to do. of course i am hurt it is over. i believe that it wasn't easy for her as well. i don't want her out of my life but i am not sure if it is good for me. i can't really imagine being friends with her after she felt so repulsed by me. i don't want to be the guy that was just not good enough for a relationship. i'm not sure a relationship could ever work because of the trust that is gone. sometimes i think it is not completely over yet. i still don't know why her feelings changed so much. i know from her friends that there is no other guy and she also told me and i believe her. it seems like a lose lose situation. tl;dr she broke up after 1 year and treating me terribly. we have a long history and i don't know how to deal with it.	🤔
i hate taking showers even though i love being clean. if there was a way to get clean that didn't involve getting wet, i would do it every day. i just feel like it's a lot of time and effort to take a shower. i'm a girl with long-ish hair, so it takes forever to fully rinse out soap and once i'm out i cant get dressed until my hair is dry or else i'll get my clothes wet, so i either have to blow dry it which can take 15 to 20 minutes on it's own or keep it wrapped all day but then it won't be fully dry when i go to sleep (and it also just doesn't look as good). it doesn't help that i'm a level 99 lazy person	😩
to you guy-teens our there, i gotta question so me (f14) and one of my closest friends (m14) started having late night calls for a while (talking like 10-2), and with the races and stuff he was busy, but even since it ended (it's been like 3 days) he will barely text or hang out on a larger discord with our friends. from what i know, he isn't really busy (been just watching e3 stuff) and i don't know where stuff between him and i went wrong. us two and another friend of ours are meeting for brunch in a couple days. i know all guys aren't really the same, but would like some sort of indication of maybe what's going on between us	😅
i want to be cool, but i'm not	🙃
omg she said "for the last time, stop asking me out, i'm part of your imagination" she's just playing hard to get...right guys	😎
a co-worker gave me a positive-but anonymous- review! peer reviews get posted in company emails, where everyone can read them. usually people include their names when submitting, since it's positive commentary and we're a pretty chill group. someone had a lot of nice, and specific, things to say about me, including referencing a past conversation, but for the life of me i can't think of who it is	😩
getting proposed by my gf's sister on a date with my gf.. so, this was about 2 years ago when i was 17 nd don't know why i m posting this today bt read and enjoy.. so, it was girl from my school i recently started dating she was cute and fun to talk to.. so we decided to go on date to the cafe near my place.. little back story : my bestfriend suppose x had gf y, and they used to meet everyday at certain place bt the friends gf y had a bestfriend z. nd my friend don't like z to inturrupt their lovey-dovey conversation thats why he always takes me with him just to keep z company nd not disturb them.. then z and i get prety close and started to spend time together. she always talked about her dad and family but she never mentioned anything about her sister.. as to guess i thought she has hots on me but i was not sure then nd i don't seemed to care about that because not gonna lie she is also cute as my gf and easy to talk.. back to the date : i was feeling very nervous because that was my first date since 2000 so, we asked for a couple table in a corner and had capuchino facing each other talking about some random shit nd all like couples do on cafe dates.. we had corner table so we can't able to see everyone in cafe and truthfully i wanted to give all attention to my gf just not to ruin my first date..and after some moment z got into cafe with her friend nd saw me with some random girl. i don't know what she is thinking at that moment bt she suddenly sprung up in front of me with a rose and ignoring that girl she confessed her love towards me..i was shivering with the emotion of tifu nd suddenly my gf calls z's name and she looked at her and then both continue to stare each other for about 20 second..then my gf said "what the fuck are you doing?" nd z replied "soory we"ll talk about this at home" i standing there cluelessly thinking 'home'..what the fuck that supposed to mean? nd at glance everybody at the cafe looking like they are enjoying the show except three of us..then z take her leave asap.. nd in after convo i got to know that they both are sisters form same parent and live in same fukin house.. for later, they both end up breaking up with me just to be fair with each other...damn poor me.. tl;dr : i end up being single because the girl proposed me was my gf's sister..	😂
i can't be the only one sick of this snow it's been on and off for like 2 months now and honestly i'm so over it	🙄
holy mother of fuck guys (this is a genius thing for all you privacy-invaded individuals) i just found this fuckin genius thing on iphone. do your parents look through your phone? here's a genius way to hide your photos. 1: download the apple books app (you probably already have it cuz it came with your phone) 2: go to the incriminating photo 3: click share button in the bottom left corner 4: click "save pdf to books" 5: go to books 6: profit	😎
i'm leaving reddit today. as i feel like my mental health, personal life and physical health has been degrading. so thanks for everything. you guys are great, but i can't control myself anymore. i feel like i lost control over reality and myself. being influenced by certain ideas, waking up and going to bed while looking at my phone isn't a positive outlook on my life. thanks again for everything. i think you're all great, maybe i'll reinstall/reactivate everything after a while. bye and see you in a while	❤️
i hate south east london especially stockwell/brixton, istg it's where all the crackheads get together. i went to a restaurant with my mum and sister and we sat by the window, and then a guy outside notices my mum and knocks on the window to try and get her attention, what for? just go on with your life smh- she didn't even notice btw lmao. but fr i hate going there, one other time a man smashed his glass bottle on the floor less than 2m away from me...	😭
what do y'all do when people start purposely taking time to respond to msgs this chick is taking 10-20 minutes to reply to my messages so i figured maybe she dosent wanna talk but she's replying wit like full on convos so my guess is maybe she dosent wanna seem weird. god i hate people who do this just respond instantly it pisses me off. don't purposely wait . i just take double the time they to reply when shit like this happens like fuck :/ maybe im in the wrong tho idk	🙄
share your love stories! going through a rough break up and would love to hear some inspiration. share stories of finding a soulmate after losing somebody	😊
guys guess what im a female redditor. let the orange houses roll in bois	😁
thinkin bout how small my problems are compared to others'	😩
fuckkkkk to the person who sent a chat dm sorry i deleted ur invitation before seeing what u wrote or ur u/ pls dm again promise im not ignoring you ^stg ^if ^its ^a ^porn ^bot	🥺
should i show my special ability its *very* special if yk what i mean	😏
you guys ever find yourself wishing that you became closer with someone when you had the chance .-. and now you're missing that person you're not even good friends with ._. but you're too introverted to try and reach out to the person to build a friendship	😔
tiktok girl responds (pt. 4) holy shit she actually responded! i said i liked her vids and that she was pretty and she said *"tysm :)"*. what do i do from here? my username on insta has my real name in it so i don't really know what to say next. [pt. 1](<url>) [pt. 2](<url>) [pt. 3](<url>)	❤️
i need validation pls !!!! ^(fillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfillerfiller)	🥺
had to eat my pancakes out of a tupperware container because i have no clean plates. hate it here y'all. # # # # #	😤
because i wanted to record a tree getting cut down so yesterday (friday) i'm at work, and our maintenance guys are cutting a large eucalyptus tree down. because the tree is so large they're cutting it in sections using a boom lift, and i was out there with my phone recording most of it from a safe distance, but still close enough to feel the ground rumble when the parts cut hit the ground. when they got down to the final section of the tree, i decided to get close to the base to record the final section being cut. so i take a position behind the steel basket of the boom lift (to steady my phone) and hit record. about 4 minutes into the recording the tree finally goes down, and the next thing i know i'm on the ground about 10 feet away with the wind knocked out of me. turns out when the tree landed the fucker rolled and a large branch whipped around and hit the basket i was standing behind. the basket has a huge dent where the branch landed, taking the brunt of the hit. the steel basket hit me in the lower ribs, fracturing some, and slightly rupturing my spleen in the hit. left arm and left side of my forehead got a lump and some scratches as well. thankfully i don't need surgery to fix the spleen, but i'm stuck in icu until tomorrow and then to a regular room for 2 more days for observation. my phone survived the hit and the recording even caught the branch i never saw coming. as soon as i get on wi-fi i'll post the video. if i want standings behind the steel boom lift basket i'd probably be dead, and if not dead, then seriously wishing i was :( <url> the steel basket with the new dent <url> the motherfucker that tried to take me out tl;dr: tried to film tree getting cut down, tree fought back and tried to kill me. edit: caught some kind of low grade fever, had to get an iv stuck back in my arm, ct scanned to make sure i don't have some kind of infection from my spleen (i don't thankfully). hopefully in 3-4 hours i can get the video posted edit 2: made it home last night, but the walking, talking, and breathing were kicking my ass. but as promised, here's the video: <url> as of this edit it still has some post-processing to do on youtube for another 7 minutes. anyways, tree falls at the 4:15 mark. the first 4 minutes are rather boring, but also gives more indication of how stupidly close i was - right off the bat i'm getting hit with sawdust. if you have headphones on or crank the volume you can actually hear me stumbling around trying to figure out wtf just happened haha	👍
ask a scientist!! (anything) hey guys! i'm new to this sub. first of all, it really feels like home to talk about literally all kinds of stuff here and everyone's so open & friendly to each other. which is why i decided to start a post introducing a new member (myself) and see what you guys would like to know about me or anything else. my names is james and i'm an entomologist from southeast university, china. like everyone else, i browse youtube all day off work & do all the silly things everyone else does. professional speaking, my work is focused around order mantodea (praying mantises) taxonomy. it's fun most of time but sometimes it still occurs to me that i wanna quit and get a normal life far away from science. i have a passion for the states since i was a kid and wanting to move there all my life. i could sing pretty good and my hobbies include writing novels, photography, cooking & painting. so, ask me anything!! i'd love to make a bunch of friends no matter how old are you or who you are. to me, every single one of you is special :)	❤️
something strange happened to me today. had a weird feeling since that i can't seem to shake. hard to explain so bear with me. this girl who i used to be close with (friends close) used to have beautiful black hair. one night at a party, we were both really drunk and she was resting her head on my chest as we were slouched on a sofa by the fire pit. that moment, with my hand running through her hair, time stood still, and i realised i had deep feelings for this girl. i didn't want it to end. long story short, she wasn't interested and ended up dating someone a few weeks later who she is now in a proper relationship. she also dyed her hair blonde. we haven't spoken in a long time now. but today, i saw her down the street by the college. she'd dyed her hair black again. i haven't been able to get the thought of that cold night lying on the sofa out of my head since. i know that whatever chance we had has long since passed, but i just can't shake the feeling that had i done things differently, things might have turned out as i'd wished. just a weird feeling i can't get out of my head, despite moving on long ago and getting on with my life. has anyone else had something similar occur? i can't say it's a very comfortable situation	😂
i have no followers :(	😔
it doesn't sit right with me straight guys having killua or gon as their pfp ive seen too much rule 34 hentai those boys are uh	😳
last night was the after party for my school dance. it was the best night of my life. i can't even begin to describe it. i don't want to pester my friends by harping on about it, but i needed to say it somewhere. it was perfect - my school dance was amazing, i got compliments on my suit, it was so wholesome and everyone looked beautiful, and at the after party i finally connected with one of my closest friends who's really closeted. she gives really good hugs and it made everything so much better. i'm gonna miss high school. thanks for listening	❤️
it's actually insane how absolutely unproductive i've become like i can't even get off my mobile for a few minutes, i'm constantly distracted by anything and everything. tbh it really doesn't take much to distract me	❤️
bro i legit got a old drawing of captain levi erased the scouts logo drew a nazi symbol and turned it in for a 100 on a history assignment now this is big brain time filler filler filler filler fillee	😎
being hungry so this this fu happened last night around 11:30pm . i'm on my laptop playing tera for about 2 hours now and i'm starting to feel very hungry because i didn't eat that much for dinner, so i'm like i'll just drink some milk than wander off to bed, so i reach the kitchen and open the fridge and i find no milk. fml, but i find this container filled with pieces of watermelon so i'll just eat that instead. i take out the container and place it on the counter but only halfway on the counter so half of it is dangling so i'm like it'll be fine, so i get a bowl and i'm about to get a fork but when i was reaching for the utensil drawer i accidentally drag the container of watermelon with me so everything is on the floor now all that precious watermelon is dirty and all the utensils are dirty so i'm like dam it! so i clean up the watermelon and wash off the dirt and clean the utensil and clean the floor which is uber sticky so i pack up everything and head off to bed, once i'm in bed i notice my leg is sticky and not the good sticky and my shorts are wet from all this watermelon juice. tl;dr - rip to all the watermelons that were sacrificed that night and i got some sticky juice all over my leg and shorts	😏
procrastination sucks! i put a paper off way too hard, worked on it hard this week but it's due tomorrow and i probably won't get a very good grade. cheer me up or share anti-procrastination tips!! its a paper for an upper division political science course about the case that constitutionalized gay marriage. definitely should have put more work on it but i had other things to do and the paper was big and scary so i put it off. not a good idea! lmao. just got home after being at the college for 12 hours, as i have been every day this week.	🙃
for some reason i remembered one of the many spider-man cartoons i remember that this one ended with spider-man going to different universes or timelines and he gathers a lot of different spidermans that had slightly different abilities i remember one was a cyborg that could shoot lasers, another one used web balls, one didn't have powers, one had spider legs that came out of his back and he also turned into a giant spider that's all i remember from it into the spider verse was nothing new	😤
not remembering to always put the lid securely on. so last friday night i'm coming home from picking up late night fast food and as i walk through the garage and into the house i hear a rustling and look over to see the ass end of a possum scurrying away. it freaked me out a bit so i shut the damn door thinking i just saw the largest rat in history and ready to burn down my house and bathe in acid to recover any sense of being "clean". the next day we went into the garage and made a bunch of noise, blew an airhorn, and moved shit and couldn't find anything. we figured it moved on and went on about our life's keeping an eye out for anything moving in the shadows. today i left for work and thought it smelled a bit like shit in the garage. in fact i knew that smell and it smelled like death. so of course i'm like "maybe there isn't really a dead possum in here, i can't see a dead possum so i'm convinced i'm right and just smelling things. later on that day i get a text from my wife telling me it smells like something died in the garage...damn i did smell it. i get home from work and am looking all around the garage for the source of this death stench. when we looked around the other day i noticed a bag of insecticide that was chewed into and figured maybe he got hungry, ate some poison, pissed off and died. so i'm looking in all the small areas a little critter would go curl up to die and not finding anything. this is where my tifu feeling really hits home.... i start looking where it smells the worst which is over by my fridge and water softener. you see, the former homeowners have been brilliant enough to put the water/salt tank for our softener system in the garage. i noticed the lid to the tank is sitting on the ground. like a regular sherlock holmes i start pondering...."i don't remember taking that off and really not like me to just throw it on the ground. then it occurs to me. like a smack in the face...the only place i didn't look yet was...in...the...tank....i start to peak over the edge and immediately see a large dark object at the bottom. this is immediately enough information for my brain. i grab my wife and drag her outside asking her to confirm what may well be my worst fears...she looks, almost pukes...and now see are trying to figure out when the damn thing last recharged	😳
"your gender is what's in your pants" i guess my gender is shit	😎
you know how little sleep i've gotten recently? i was getting up to get a glass of water, when i hear the gate clattering outside the living room window. i check it out, and get jumpscared by my own reflection. online school is going fucking great. and it's not like i can even try to get to sleep, every time i try, there's always something keeping me awake. and i always wake up really fucking tired. so uhh yeah. i don't know	🙃
another gf post i finally made it guys i got my first girlfriend ever 3 days ago, at the age of 19 years old and she's amazing. she probably won't read this though cuz she's 23. don't worry if you're still single, as long as you're a nice person, you'll find someone eventually. you just need a bit of confidence.	😎
ugh.. i just played a game of nba 2k16 with my little brother. i told him i didn't want to because i get too hype while playing and end up getting a headache, either during or after the game. now i lost and have a headache and my voice hurts from yelling at the tv. i just need to chill for a little bit and talk to someone or some people. my other friends are out having lives so i'm up for talking about anything. sorry for typing a lot. i'm a mess	🙃
can someone talk with me rn hmu	😁
yanderedev rly worked 6 years on a demo and he couldn't even change ayano's hair model at least bruh	😩
imagine a "come as you are" parody but it's called "cum in my ass." i'm a comedic genius apparently	😎
you get an upvote! you get an upvote! everybody gets an upvote! but seriously, i'm terrible at upvoting. i'll genuinely appreciate a post or chuckle but i never remember to upvote. i've got to get in the habit of it starting today. everyone have a good day/night! edit: everyone has been upvoted so far! plus i've given away like 200 upvotes outside of this thread. i'm getting better!	😀
[repost] looking for a gamer gf	😎
recent tv cancellations are going to have an unintended side-effect on the industry. for me this really started with dark matter and then the expanse (both syfy). however, with all the recent cancellations of marvel tv properties among others, this trend of cancelling popular shows is expanding on an issue i already have with one network, syfy. after dark matter, ending on a cliffhanger, and then cancelling the expanse, i no longer care about syfy as a network. i have no confidence in them to properly handle their properties, nor am i looking forward to getting involved with another one of their series just so they can sucker punch me again and again. i can understand when a show is on the fence every single year, like with agents of shield (until just recently ), and the writers understand not to end the show on a cliffhanger, but when a show is assumed to be renewed (or the creators are in the dark about a potential cancellation) and is then cancelled out-of-the-blue, on a cliffhanger, time and again on the same network, this is a bad day for fans, and the network. now with shows like daredevil getting the axe, it seems like these studios are going to have problems moving forward as i know with me, syfy is still the worst offender, but i have a real problem watching shows on networks(or streaming platforms) i can't trust to respect their viewers, or even the cast, when the show eventually ends. i don't even watch syfy anymore; i saw a commercial a few weeks ago for some new show and my first thought was "wow, that looks really interesting, but no, so was the expanse, and look what happened, so pass", and i go on to a different show/network. syfy is a serial series-cancelling offender and now netflix getting there too. this makes getting viewers to watch new shows harder as this will have a compounding ptsd-like effect (people still talk about firefly) on tv viewing in general resulting in a return to reading books and gathering around the radio again. maybe not that extreme, but unless tv viewership in general is on a steady increase, tell me there is not something seriously wrong in the tv industry right now and a big part is losing dedicated viewers with questionable cancellations.	😊
we're doing a q&a for a church activity and i want to raid it with stupid questions. text questions to (423) 863 - 1702. thanks love ya	❤️
that moment when you get a 6/30 for your math midterm and it weighs 4x the grade of a regular class	😎
hey, lookin for some fellow xbox nerds. just needing more friends to game with. i'm 13 btw (yes ik, the lowest level a teen can be.)	😏
the fact that im crying over my ex rn while he probably doesnt even think of me is fucking with me he hurt me so much but i cant stop thinking abt how cute he is when he gets excited and how adorable his smile is and the way he says my name and- anyways in conclusion im in love with that idiot .	🥺
help; my crush (14) likes someone else other than me and i'm worried that she's going to be taken. i have no idea how to tell her i like her, i'm too introverted and nervous and i'm scared she will say no. im also scared that i am going to run out of time and then she will be taken by someone else.	😔
haha we love reliving past trauma daily but seriously brain what the fuck stop	🙃
that feeling when you're eating some fire ass food and you are devouring tf out of it, then you take that last bite and realize all the foods just gone now pain. all i feel is pain fillerfillerfillerfilllerfilllllller	😔
i always said bfs were pointless but now i kind of want one i just want someone to care for me and always be there for me	😭
lmao life is great yay i have a girlfriend! we've been dating for like 3 weeks right? so we already have gone to the movies one time but we decide to make plans before she leaves for another trip. guess who gets hit with the date they leave on their own trip on the only day you can make plans, on a trip they were forced to go? me. so basically i'm in a hotel and then she breaks up with me and i'm pretty sure it was because things were awkward between us or something. well, if i could talk to her it wouldn't be like lmao also i'm feeling like shit and now i have a grudge against my family lol	🙃
i got what it takes to be a meme dealer just give me a chanceeeeee	🥺
"you can't use this at blockbuster" i have no idea where to share this random story. yesterday i had to pick up a new debit card, as i was finishing up the woman who's helping me says to me "you can't use this at blockbuster or red box" i'll admit part of me wanted to laugh because i couldn't tell if she was serious about the blockbuster thing. are blockbuster's even a thing anymore? are video stores still open?	🤔
didddily puff more crush stuff so recently i had a crush on this girl from a different school which i'm gonna call school b( i go to school a) i'm gonna call the girl h. she also liked me but i asked her out and she said she likes us better as friends and she's not ready to date. a couple weeks later i realized that she was actually super annoying and also as flat as a flat screen tv, and now i don't like her anymore, but she is still one of my best friends. next part of the story. i'm in the band, which is with a couple schools, i'm gonna say school a, b, c and d, but we don't really need d cause school d is gaaay. at the band trip a couple weeks ago, there was this girl there that i thought was super cute from school c i'm gonna call her o and a couple days after that she texted my other friend and said i kept looking at her. then a couple days ago, a day after i realized i didn't like h, o added me on snapchat. i added her back. she sent me a picture of her drinking water which was weird then five minutes later texted me saying you just gonna leave me on opened like that? i was like oh sorry... nice water! then we got into this whole conversation for like an hour straight of talking. at one point she said, "you're funny" and i said thanks you're funny too, then she waited like ten minutes which was odd because most of the conversation was like answering right away and she was like np haha thanks. she also said "we should talk more face to face cause we see each other all the time on band trips" but the thing is h was telling me that her and o used to be friends but they had a falling out because o called her fat, and i feel like if i date or am good friends with o h will be mad. but also i feel like h was in the wrong with the whole fat thing because frankly o was probably just mad at h because h offends people all the time and doesn't seem to realize how mean she is. anyway, do you think o likes me, or just w to to be friends. sorry that was long. that's what she said. tl; dr don't like old crush anymore starts talking with new crush but new crush and old crush don't like each other.	😂
boutta paint my nails black frfr i've been planning to do it for quite some time now	😳
bobs burgers almost literally made me shit my pants. linda just cracks my shit up sometimes and what i mean by literally, is that i actually had to run to the bathroom. i think it's because this show just has randomly hilarious moments that come out of know where and my butt wasn't ready for it. anyway, i'm a little drunk so anyone who wants to chat hit this thread up .	❤️
is there any song that brings you back to a certain memory in your life? for me, the song head in the ceiling fan by title fight brings me back to high school, specifically the summer between my sophomore and junior year. if i listen to it and close my eyes, i'm with my old friends running down the street in the middle of a warm night, laughing and feeling completely free. i love when people share their memories with me, so thanks in advance for any responses	😊
while at a doctors/clinic tifu badly! back story, i'm on a clinical trial for a medical treatment which involves the taking of blood every month, receiving a couple of injections every month and having a through medical including an ecg every 3 months. today was my 3mth medical which includes fasting. i've been on the trial for a little over 2yrs. today, i turned up for my appointment which was scheduled at almost lunchtime which meant that i was already a little bit light headed (been fasting since 7pm the night before) and started to go through the process of being checked out. today the nurse and trial doctor (both females) were in a particular joking mood which made stripping down to my jocks a little less uncomfortable. after going through all the necessary medical checks (don't forget this is a medical trial) it was time for me to get up on the table for the ecg. once all the sticky sensor pads are put on my legs/wrists/and chest the nurse drops all the cords on my stomach to start sorting out what went where, and the leads seemed to all be dragged over my crotch. when everything was attached, the nurse then plugged it all into the main monitor/box and dropped it all onto mr wobbly. then she stood there using my leg like a bar leaner and chatted to the doctor. meanwhile i have to lie there perfectly still for a positive reading still feeling lightheaded. then something funny was said the nurse laughed and i will swear to the day i die ... her hand brushed my inner thigh. cue mr wobbly to pop up and have a look around ... bastard!! the ecg slid off my crotch and the nurse managed to catch it before it hit the floor. it completed its scan and while they uploaded my results i got my jabs and was allowed to get dressed in silence. everything was fine and we made a date and time for my next appointment. as i left and walked out i closed the door but through the walls i heard the doctor say to the nurse "at least we can rule out impotence as a side affect". and with the laughter still ringing in my ears i slunk out. tl; dr went to see a female doctor and nurse. cracked a fat one in front of them. despite what you see on reddit/pornvids we did not get it on	😭
my dad is 91 today! as of today, father is 91 years old, and we're having a party with all his children, grandchildren, and great grand children. i love him so much, and i'm so glad he was able to make it this far. happy birthday dad	😊
accidentally blocked girly on snap anyways how's y'all's day going? personally i am so fucking detached from reality rn	😐
help wanted looking for cute girl between 15 and 18 to gimme a hug or cuddle a sad lonely 16 yr old boy pays in reciprocation please	😂
i think google is spying me again i've been checking everywhere in my room but i can't find him anywhere how are they spying me?!	😤
i don't feel bad about taking advantage of men when i'm single i'll go on dates with guys mainly for the free food, sometimes very expensive food like hundred dollar sushi. when i have a thing with a guy (not officially dating but still romantically somewhat interested) i tend to string them along until i find a guy i like better or they decide to leave me. i realize i'm very selfish in that i only care about myself and don't care at all i'm using men for free things, attention, etc. i think the reason for this is that it's very hard for me to fall in love. i've probably had "things" with 15 guys the last four years but only seriously dated two. these two guys absolutely broke my heart and after them i just didn't care how i treated anyone else. however i treated these two exes very differently than i would normal guys , i would put their needs first and never used them for anything. i guess i only care about those i truly love, friends included, and for those i don't i'll use them to a great extent. any other women (or men) like me out there? lmao don't roast me too hard i already know i'm a bitch just want to see if i'm normal lol	😂
do not hate people choose instead to hate the ideas people embody. people are complex and we are not always in our right mind. many things can influence mood sleeping schedule, eating habits, the dialog people tell themselves or just the hardships of everyday life. life can be stressful, we can't be composed all the time. when we are not composed and react(like we all do) we need to understand we are being the embodiment of negative feedback loops and bad ideas. we will all react in our life and at times we will embody energy that does not serve us well. this is a natural cycle of things. but we have the choice to on average to embody good cooperative feedback loops that do serve us well over linear time:) if someone around you is being reactive and is making you feel unsafe making you hurt understand they are the embodiment of bad ideas and the person doing this is just like you a hurt scared person. all projected pain is a reflection of a deeper internal pain. people embody bad ideas people make mistakes- love breeds cooperation love people choose to attack the ideas people embody.	❤️
forgetting social decorum at my wedding this happened on saturday, and i'm still cringing. i got married to my lovely wife (!!!) over the weekend. i was pretty overwhelmed when she came down the aisle in her dress and she looked so amazing and beautiful. we did the whole "hug the parents and get up in front of the officiant" thing and once we were up there, i just took a minute to appreciate how good she looked. she was wearing a really sexy dress that was tight down almost to her knees. her backside looked great and i gave it a little squeeze. she jerked away from me and looked at me with so much disbelief and then i realized what i had done. we had our backs to everyone and they all just saw me grope my wife. the groomsmen and bridesmaids were cracking up. my in laws and my mother looked horrified. i'm surprised my wife didn't leave me right then and there. we managed to mostly pretend it didn't happen and move on with the wedding, but once we got to the honeymoon suite, my wife wouldn't let me consulate the marriage until she could express that i am a dumbass . but it's okay, all is forgiven and maybe she'll laugh about it in 5 years. maybe. tl;dr i grabbed my wife's ass in front of everyone we know.	😅
why i could be a mod 1. i hate children 2. i'm good at punishing 3. mo powa baybeh	😏
i[33f] feel like my bf[30m] of 2yrs is hiding something we've been together 2yrs. bf claims not to have been on his phone at all at work today. but messenger has shown him active and inactive frequently. he typically messages me throughout the day, well yesterday he didnt. when i asked him about it he claims it is an error in the app. but that error doesnt accur when we are together or when he is sleeping. we work together and i heard his phone binging like crazy at one point, which it doesnt typically do when he is with me. he said it was a new group chat with his friends from school back in his country. at lunch time his phone was quiet. i asked if he put it on silent. and he did!!! i am going crazy, i feel he is lying about something. if he was checking the group chat throughout the day, cool, i dont care. im not clingy and needy. but to straight up say he hasnt been on his phone. something isnt adding up tl;dr is facebook messenger lying or my bf? he claims his active status is an error with the app.	🤔
i have no sympathy for straight people who constantly have to make it known that they're straight. they deserve all the harassment they get. sorry shawn mendes, i don't feel sorry for you you should feel ashamed to be straight. not proud. i'm tired of this straight pride bs and straights showcasing their straightness everywhere. literally no one cares about straight people anymore.	🙄
just wish i was taller just 2-3 inches, that's all i need, that's one of the few things i want in this world	😔
